## Ore Dictionary Info                      ##
##############################################
## In the form:                             ##
## <ore dictionary entry>                   ##
##     <item id registered> - <item damage> ##
##     etc...                               ##
##############################################
arrow
minecraft:arrow - 0
minecraft:spectral_arrow - 0
minecraft:tipped_arrow - 0


artisansAthame
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_boronnitride - any


artisansBeaker
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_boronnitride - any


artisansBurner
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_boronnitride - any


artisansCarver
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_boronnitride - any


artisansChisel
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_boronnitride - any


artisansCompass
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_boronnitride - any


artisansCutters
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_boronnitride - any


artisansCuttingBoard
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_boronnitride - any


artisansDriver
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_boronnitride - any


artisansFile
artisanworktables:artisans_file_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_boronnitride - any


artisansFramingHammer
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_boronnitride - any


artisansGemCutter
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_boronnitride - any


artisansGrimoire
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_boronnitride - any


artisansGroover
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_boronnitride - any


artisansHammer
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_boronnitride - any


artisansHandsaw
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_boronnitride - any


artisansHatchet
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_boronnitride - any


artisansKnife
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_boronnitride - any


artisansLens
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_boronnitride - any


artisansMortar
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_boronnitride - any


artisansNeedle
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_boronnitride - any


artisansPan
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_boronnitride - any


artisansPencil
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_boronnitride - any


artisansPliers
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_boronnitride - any


artisansPunch
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_boronnitride - any


artisansQuill
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_boronnitride - any


artisansRazor
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_boronnitride - any


artisansShears
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_boronnitride - any


artisansSifter
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_boronnitride - any


artisansSolderer
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_boronnitride - any


artisansSpanner
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_boronnitride - any


artisansTSquare
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_boronnitride - any


artisansToolAluminum
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_aluminum - any


artisansToolBone
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_bone - any


artisansToolBoron
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_boron - any


artisansToolBoronnitride
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_boronnitride - any


artisansToolBronze
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_bronze - any


artisansToolConstantan
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_constantan - any


artisansToolCopper
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_copper - any


artisansToolDiamond
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_diamond - any


artisansToolElectrum
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_electrum - any


artisansToolFlint
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_flint - any


artisansToolGold
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_gold - any


artisansToolHardcarbon
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_hardcarbon - any


artisansToolInvar
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_invar - any


artisansToolIron
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_iron - any


artisansToolLead
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_lead - any


artisansToolNickel
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_nickel - any


artisansToolOsmium
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_osmium - any


artisansToolPlatinum
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_platinum - any


artisansToolSilver
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_silver - any


artisansToolSteel
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_steel - any


artisansToolStone
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_stone - any


artisansToolTin
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_tin - any


artisansToolToughalloy
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_toughalloy - any


artisansToolWood
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_wood - any


artisansTrowel
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_boronnitride - any


bEnderAirBottle
botania:manaresource - 15


bFlask
botania:vial - 1


bPlaceholder
botania:manaresource - 11


bRedString
botania:manaresource - 12


bVial
botania:vial - 0


ballMud
biomesoplenty:mudball - 0


bamboo
sakura:bamboo - 0
sakura:materials - 48


basic


bed
minecraft:bed - 0
minecraft:bed - 1
minecraft:bed - 2
minecraft:bed - 3
minecraft:bed - 4
minecraft:bed - 5
minecraft:bed - 6
minecraft:bed - 7
minecraft:bed - 8
minecraft:bed - 9
minecraft:bed - 10
minecraft:bed - 11
minecraft:bed - 12
minecraft:bed - 13
minecraft:bed - 14
minecraft:bed - 15


blacksmith


blockAluminium
techreborn:storage - 1


blockAluminum
techreborn:storage - 1


blockAmber
biomesoplenty:gem_block - 7


blockAmethyst
biomesoplenty:gem_block - 0


blockAurorianSteel
theaurorian:auroriansteelblock - 0


blockBlackIron
extendedcrafting:storage - 0


blockBlaze
botania:blazeblock - 0


blockBone
minecraft:bone_block - 0


blockBrass
techreborn:storage - 5


blockBronze
techreborn:storage - 14


blockCactus
minecraft:cactus - 0


blockCandle
quark:candle - any


blockCerulean
theaurorian:ceruleanblock - 0


blockCharcoal
quark:charcoal_block - 0


blockChrome
techreborn:storage - 3


blockCincinnasite
betternether:cincinnasite_forged - 0
betternether:cincinnasite_pillar - 0
betternether:cincinnasite_tile_large - 0
betternether:cincinnasite_tile_small - 0


blockCoal
minecraft:coal_block - 0


blockCopper
techreborn:storage2 - 8


blockCrystaltine
extendedcrafting:storage - 3


blockDiamond
minecraft:diamond_block - 0


blockElectrum
techreborn:storage - 7


blockElevator
elevatorid:elevator_white - 0
elevatorid:elevator_orange - 0
elevatorid:elevator_magenta - 0
elevatorid:elevator_light_blue - 0
elevatorid:elevator_yellow - 0
elevatorid:elevator_lime - 0
elevatorid:elevator_pink - 0
elevatorid:elevator_gray - 0
elevatorid:elevator_silver - 0
elevatorid:elevator_cyan - 0
elevatorid:elevator_purple - 0
elevatorid:elevator_blue - 0
elevatorid:elevator_brown - 0
elevatorid:elevator_green - 0
elevatorid:elevator_red - 0
elevatorid:elevator_black - 0


blockEmerald
minecraft:emerald_block - 0


blockGlass
minecraft:glass - 0
minecraft:stained_glass - any


blockGlassBlack
minecraft:stained_glass - 15


blockGlassBlue
minecraft:stained_glass - 11


blockGlassBrown
minecraft:stained_glass - 12


blockGlassColorless
minecraft:glass - 0


blockGlassCyan
minecraft:stained_glass - 9


blockGlassGray
minecraft:stained_glass - 7


blockGlassGreen
minecraft:stained_glass - 13


blockGlassLightBlue
minecraft:stained_glass - 3


blockGlassLightGray
minecraft:stained_glass - 8


blockGlassLime
minecraft:stained_glass - 5


blockGlassMagenta
minecraft:stained_glass - 2


blockGlassOrange
minecraft:stained_glass - 1


blockGlassPink
minecraft:stained_glass - 6


blockGlassPurple
minecraft:stained_glass - 10


blockGlassRed
minecraft:stained_glass - 14


blockGlassWhite
minecraft:stained_glass - 0


blockGlassYellow
minecraft:stained_glass - 4


blockGlowstone
minecraft:glowstone - 0


blockGold
minecraft:gold_block - 0


blockInvar
techreborn:storage - 12


blockIridium
techreborn:storage - 13


blockIron
minecraft:iron_block - 0


blockLapis
minecraft:lapis_block - 0


blockLead
techreborn:storage - 6


blockLuminessence
extendedcrafting:storage - 1


blockMagma
minecraft:magma - 0


blockMalachite
biomesoplenty:gem_block - 5


blockMeatRaw
biomesoplenty:flesh - 0


blockMetal


blockMoonstone
theaurorian:moonstoneblock - 0


blockMossy
minecraft:mossy_cobblestone - 0


blockMud
biomesoplenty:mud - 0


blockNetherStar
extendedcrafting:storage - 2


blockNetherWart
minecraft:nether_wart_block - 0


blockNickel
techreborn:storage - 11


blockPeridot
biomesoplenty:gem_block - 2
techreborn:storage2 - 5


blockPlatinum
techreborn:storage - 9


blockPrismarine
minecraft:prismarine - 0
quark:elder_prismarine - 0


blockPrismarineBrick
minecraft:prismarine - 1
quark:elder_prismarine - 1


blockPrismarineDark
minecraft:prismarine - 2
quark:elder_prismarine - 2


blockPrismarineElder
quark:elder_prismarine - 0


blockPrismarineElderBrick
quark:elder_prismarine - 1


blockPrismarineElderDark
quark:elder_prismarine - 2


blockQuartz
minecraft:quartz_block - 0


blockQuartzBlaze
botania:quartztypeblaze - 0
botania:quartztypeblaze - 1
botania:quartztypeblaze - 2
botania:quartztypeblaze - 3
botania:quartztypeblaze - 4


blockQuartzDark
botania:quartztypedark - 0
botania:quartztypedark - 1
botania:quartztypedark - 2
botania:quartztypedark - 3
botania:quartztypedark - 4


blockQuartzElven
botania:quartztypeelf - 0
botania:quartztypeelf - 1
botania:quartztypeelf - 2
botania:quartztypeelf - 3
botania:quartztypeelf - 4


blockQuartzGlass
betternether:quartz_glass - 0


blockQuartzLavender
botania:quartztypelavender - 0
botania:quartztypelavender - 1
botania:quartztypelavender - 2
botania:quartztypelavender - 3
botania:quartztypelavender - 4


blockQuartzMana
botania:quartztypemana - 0
botania:quartztypemana - 1
botania:quartztypemana - 2
botania:quartztypemana - 3
botania:quartztypemana - 4


blockQuartzRed
botania:quartztypered - 0
botania:quartztypered - 1
botania:quartztypered - 2
botania:quartztypered - 3
botania:quartztypered - 4


blockQuartzSunny
botania:quartztypesunny - 0
botania:quartztypesunny - 1
botania:quartztypesunny - 2
botania:quartztypesunny - 3
botania:quartztypesunny - 4


blockRedGarnet
techreborn:storage2 - 7


blockRedstone
minecraft:redstone_block - 0


blockRuby
biomesoplenty:gem_block - 1
techreborn:storage2 - 3


blockSapphire
biomesoplenty:gem_block - 6
techreborn:storage2 - 4


blockSilver
techreborn:storage - 0


blockSlime
minecraft:slime - 0
quark:color_slime - any


blockSlimeBlue
quark:color_slime - 1


blockSlimeCyan
quark:color_slime - 2


blockSlimeGreen
minecraft:slime - 0


blockSlimeMagenta
quark:color_slime - 3


blockSlimeRed
quark:color_slime - 0


blockSlimeYellow
quark:color_slime - 4


blockSteel
techreborn:storage - 4


blockTanzanite
biomesoplenty:gem_block - 4


blockTin
techreborn:storage2 - 9


blockTitanium
techreborn:storage - 2


blockTopaz
biomesoplenty:gem_block - 3


blockTorch
minecraft:torch - 0


blockTungsten
techreborn:storage - 10


blockTungstensteel
techreborn:storage2 - 0


blockUltimate
extendedcrafting:storage - 4


blockWool
minecraft:wool - any


blockYellowGarnet
techreborn:storage2 - 6


blockZinc
techreborn:storage - 8


bone
minecraft:bone - 0


bookshelf
minecraft:bookshelf - 0
quark:custom_bookshelf - any


bookshelfAcacia
quark:custom_bookshelf - 3


bookshelfBirch
quark:custom_bookshelf - 1


bookshelfDarkOak
quark:custom_bookshelf - 4


bookshelfJungle
quark:custom_bookshelf - 2


bookshelfOak
minecraft:bookshelf - 0


bookshelfSpruce
quark:custom_bookshelf - 0


bread
minecraft:bread - 0
sakura:foodset - 2
sakura:foodset - 131


buttonWood
minecraft:wooden_button - 0
quark:spruce_button - 0
quark:birch_button - 0
quark:jungle_button - 0
quark:acacia_button - 0
quark:dark_oak_button - 0


charcoal
minecraft:coal - 1


chest
minecraft:chest - 0
minecraft:ender_chest - 0
minecraft:trapped_chest - 0
quark:custom_chest - any
quark:custom_chest_trap - any
minecraft:white_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:orange_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:magenta_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:light_blue_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:yellow_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:lime_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:pink_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:gray_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:silver_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:cyan_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:purple_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:blue_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:brown_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:green_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:red_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:black_shulker_box - 0


chestEnder
minecraft:ender_chest - 0


chestTrapped
minecraft:trapped_chest - 0
quark:custom_chest_trap - any


chestWood
minecraft:chest - 0
quark:custom_chest - any


circuitAdvanced
techreborn:part - 30


circuitBasic
techreborn:part - 29


circuitElite
techreborn:part - 1


circuitMaster
techreborn:part - 0


circuitStorage
techreborn:part - 2


clothManaweave
botania:manaresource - 22


coal
minecraft:coal - 0


cobblestone
minecraft:cobblestone - 0


cobblestoneAurorian
theaurorian:auroriancobblestone - 0


cofh:potion
minecraft:potion - 0


coinGarlic
harvestcraft:garliccoinitem - 0


cookedTurkey
familiarfauna:turkey_leg_cooked - 0


cookedVenison
familiarfauna:venison_cooked - 0


crafterWood
minecraft:crafting_table - 0


craftingDiamondGrinder
techreborn:part - 4


craftingIndustrialDiamond
minecraft:diamond - 0


craftingPiston
minecraft:piston - 0
minecraft:sticky_piston - 0


craftingSuperconductor
techreborn:part - 17


craftingTableWood
minecraft:crafting_table - 0


craftingTungstenGrinder
techreborn:part - 6


cropAgave
harvestcraft:agaveitem - 0


cropAlmond
sakura:foodset - 117
harvestcraft:almonditem - 0


cropAmaranth
harvestcraft:amaranthitem - 0


cropApple
minecraft:apple - 0


cropApricot
harvestcraft:apricotitem - 0


cropArrowroot
harvestcraft:arrowrootitem - 0


cropArtichoke
harvestcraft:artichokeitem - 0


cropAsparagus
harvestcraft:asparagusitem - 0


cropAvocado
harvestcraft:avocadoitem - 0


cropBambooshoot
sakura:bamboo_shoot - 0
harvestcraft:bambooshootitem - 0


cropBanana
harvestcraft:bananaitem - 0


cropBarley
harvestcraft:barleyitem - 0


cropBean
harvestcraft:beanitem - 0


cropBeet
minecraft:beetroot - 0
harvestcraft:beetitem - 0


cropBeetroot
minecraft:beetroot - 0


cropBellpepper
harvestcraft:bellpepperitem - 0


cropBlackberry
harvestcraft:blackberryitem - 0


cropBlueberry
harvestcraft:blueberryitem - 0


cropBroccoli
harvestcraft:broccoliitem - 0


cropBrusselsprout
harvestcraft:brusselsproutitem - 0


cropBuckwheat
sakura:buckwheat - 0


cropCabbage
sakura:cabbage - 0
harvestcraft:cabbageitem - 0


cropCactusfruit
harvestcraft:cactusfruititem - 0


cropCandle
harvestcraft:candleberryitem - 0


cropCandleberry
harvestcraft:candleberryitem - 0


cropCantaloupe
harvestcraft:cantaloupeitem - 0


cropCarrot
minecraft:carrot - 0


cropCashew
harvestcraft:cashewitem - 0


cropCassava
harvestcraft:cassavaitem - 0


cropCauliflower
harvestcraft:caulifloweritem - 0


cropCelery
harvestcraft:celeryitem - 0


cropCherry
harvestcraft:cherryitem - 0


cropChestnut
harvestcraft:chestnutitem - 0


cropChickpea
harvestcraft:chickpeaitem - 0


cropChilipepper
harvestcraft:chilipepperitem - 0


cropCinnamon
harvestcraft:cinnamonitem - 0


cropCoconut
harvestcraft:coconutitem - 0


cropCoffee
harvestcraft:coffeebeanitem - 0


cropCorn
harvestcraft:cornitem - 0


cropCotton
harvestcraft:cottonitem - 0


cropCranberry
harvestcraft:cranberryitem - 0


cropCucumber
harvestcraft:cucumberitem - 0


cropCurryleaf
harvestcraft:curryleafitem - 0


cropDate
harvestcraft:dateitem - 0


cropDragonfruit
harvestcraft:dragonfruititem - 0


cropDurian
harvestcraft:durianitem - 0


cropEdibleroot
harvestcraft:ediblerootitem - 0


cropEggplant
sakura:eggplant - 0
harvestcraft:eggplantitem - 0


cropElderberry
harvestcraft:elderberryitem - 0


cropFig
harvestcraft:figitem - 0


cropFlax
harvestcraft:flaxitem - 0


cropGarlic
harvestcraft:garlicitem - 0


cropGinger
harvestcraft:gingeritem - 0


cropGooseberry
harvestcraft:gooseberryitem - 0


cropGrape
sakura:foodset - 0
harvestcraft:grapeitem - 0
harvestcraft:greengrapeitem - 0


cropGrapefruit
harvestcraft:grapefruititem - 0


cropGreengrape
sakura:foodset - 120
harvestcraft:greengrapeitem - 0


cropHops
sakura:materials - 37


cropHuckleberry
harvestcraft:huckleberryitem - 0


cropJackfruit


cropJicama
harvestcraft:jicamaitem - 0


cropJuniperberry
harvestcraft:juniperberryitem - 0


cropJute
harvestcraft:juteitem - 0


cropKale
harvestcraft:kaleitem - 0


cropKenaf
harvestcraft:kenafitem - 0


cropKiwi
harvestcraft:kiwiitem - 0


cropKohlrabi
harvestcraft:kohlrabiitem - 0


cropLeek
harvestcraft:leekitem - 0


cropLemon
sakura:foodset - 114
harvestcraft:lemonitem - 0


cropLentil
harvestcraft:lentilitem - 0


cropLettuce
harvestcraft:lettuceitem - 0


cropLime
harvestcraft:limeitem - 0


cropLychee


cropMango
harvestcraft:mangoitem - 0


cropMaplesyrup
sakura:materials - 49
harvestcraft:maplesyrupitem - 0


cropMelon
minecraft:melon_block - 0


cropMillet
harvestcraft:milletitem - 0


cropMulberry
harvestcraft:mulberryitem - 0


cropMustard
harvestcraft:mustardseedsitem - 0


cropNetherWart
minecraft:nether_wart - 0
grimoireofgaia:food_nether_wart - 0


cropNutmeg
harvestcraft:nutmegitem - 0


cropOats
harvestcraft:oatsitem - 0


cropOkra
harvestcraft:okraitem - 0


cropOlive
harvestcraft:oliveitem - 0


cropOnion
sakura:onion - 0
harvestcraft:onionitem - 0


cropOrange
harvestcraft:orangeitem - 0


cropPapaya
harvestcraft:papayaitem - 0


cropParsnip
harvestcraft:parsnipitem - 0


cropPeach
biomesoplenty:peach - 0
harvestcraft:peachitem - 0


cropPeanut
harvestcraft:peanutitem - 0


cropPear
biomesoplenty:pear - 0
harvestcraft:pearitem - 0


cropPeas
harvestcraft:peasitem - 0


cropPecan
harvestcraft:pecanitem - 0


cropPeppercorn
sakura:materials - 18
harvestcraft:peppercornitem - 0


cropPersimmon
biomesoplenty:persimmon - 0
harvestcraft:persimmonitem - 0


cropPineapple
harvestcraft:pineappleitem - 0


cropPistachio
harvestcraft:pistachioitem - 0


cropPlum
harvestcraft:plumitem - 0


cropPomegranate
harvestcraft:pomegranateitem - 0


cropPotato
minecraft:potato - 0


cropPumpkin
minecraft:pumpkin - 0
harvestcraft:harvestpumpkinitem - 0


cropQuinoa
harvestcraft:quinoaitem - 0


cropRadish
sakura:radish - 0
harvestcraft:radishitem - 0


cropRaspberry
harvestcraft:raspberryitem - 0


cropRhubarb
harvestcraft:rhubarbitem - 0


cropRice
sakura:materials - 1
sakura:foodset - 163
sakura:foodset - 164
harvestcraft:riceitem - 0


cropRutabaga
harvestcraft:rutabagaitem - 0


cropRye
harvestcraft:ryeitem - 0


cropScallion
harvestcraft:scallionitem - 0


cropSeaweed
sakura:materials - 34
harvestcraft:seaweeditem - 0


cropSesame
harvestcraft:sesameseedsitem - 0


cropSisal
harvestcraft:sisalitem - 0


cropSoybean
harvestcraft:soybeanitem - 0


cropSpiceleaf
harvestcraft:spiceleafitem - 0


cropSpinach
harvestcraft:spinachitem - 0


cropStarfruit
harvestcraft:starfruititem - 0


cropStraw
sakura:materials - 0


cropStrawberry
harvestcraft:strawberryitem - 0


cropSunflower
harvestcraft:sunflowerseedsitem - 0


cropSweetpotato
harvestcraft:sweetpotatoitem - 0


cropTaro
sakura:taro - 0
harvestcraft:taroitem - 0


cropTea
sakura:materials - 39
harvestcraft:tealeafitem - 0


cropTomatillo
harvestcraft:tomatilloitem - 0


cropTomato
sakura:tomato - 0
harvestcraft:tomatoitem - 0


cropTurnip
harvestcraft:turnipitem - 0


cropVanillabean
sakura:materials - 21
harvestcraft:vanillabeanitem - 0


cropWalnut
harvestcraft:walnutitem - 0


cropWaterchestnut
harvestcraft:waterchestnutitem - 0


cropWheat
minecraft:wheat - 0


cropWhitemushroom
harvestcraft:whitemushroomitem - 0


cropWintersquash
harvestcraft:wintersquashitem - 0


cropZucchini
harvestcraft:zucchiniitem - 0


dirt
minecraft:dirt - 0
biomesoplenty:dirt - 0
theaurorian:auroriandirt - 0


doorWood
minecraft:acacia_door - 0
minecraft:birch_door - 0
minecraft:dark_oak_door - 0
minecraft:wooden_door - 0
minecraft:jungle_door - 0
minecraft:spruce_door - 0


dreamwood
botania:dreamwood - 0


dreamwoodTwig
botania:manaresource - 13


drillBasic
techreborn:irondrill - 0


drillDiamond
techreborn:diamonddrill - 0


dropHoney
harvestcraft:honeyitem - 0


dustAlmandine
techreborn:dust - 0


dustAluminum
techreborn:dust - 1


dustAndesite
techreborn:dust - 61


dustAndradite
techreborn:dust - 2


dustAsh
techreborn:dust - 3


dustAshes
techreborn:dust - 3


dustBasalt
techreborn:dust - 4


dustBauxite
techreborn:dust - 5


dustBlaze
minecraft:blaze_powder - 0


dustBrass
techreborn:dust - 6


dustBronze
techreborn:dust - 7


dustCalcite
techreborn:dust - 8


dustCharcoal
techreborn:dust - 9


dustChrome
techreborn:dust - 10


dustCinnabar
techreborn:dust - 11


dustClay
techreborn:dust - 12


dustCoal
techreborn:dust - 13


dustCopper
techreborn:dust - 14


dustDarkAshes
techreborn:dust - 15


dustDiamond
techreborn:dust - 16


dustDiorite
techreborn:dust - 62


dustElectrum
techreborn:dust - 17


dustEmerald
techreborn:dust - 18


dustEnderEye
techreborn:dust - 19


dustEnderPearl
techreborn:dust - 20


dustEndstone
techreborn:dust - 21


dustFlint
techreborn:dust - 22


dustGalena
techreborn:dust - 23


dustGlowstone
minecraft:glowstone_dust - 0


dustGold
techreborn:dust - 24


dustGranite
techreborn:dust - 63


dustGrossular
techreborn:dust - 25


dustInvar
techreborn:dust - 26


dustIridium
techreborn:dust - 64


dustIron
techreborn:dust - 27


dustLazurite
techreborn:dust - 28


dustLead
techreborn:dust - 29


dustMagnesium
techreborn:dust - 30


dustManganese
techreborn:dust - 31


dustMarble
techreborn:dust - 32


dustNetherrack
techreborn:dust - 33


dustNickel
techreborn:dust - 34


dustObsidian
techreborn:dust - 35


dustPeridot
techreborn:dust - 36


dustPhosphorous
techreborn:dust - 37


dustPlatinum
techreborn:dust - 38


dustPlutonium
techreborn:dust - 67


dustPrismarine
minecraft:prismarine_crystals - 0


dustPyrite
techreborn:dust - 39


dustPyrope
techreborn:dust - 40


dustRedGarnet
techreborn:dust - 41


dustRedstone
minecraft:redstone - 0


dustRuby
techreborn:dust - 43


dustSalt
sakura:materials - 2
harvestcraft:saltitem - 0


dustSaltpeter
techreborn:dust - 44


dustSapphire
techreborn:dust - 45


dustSawDust
techreborn:dust - 46


dustSilver
techreborn:dust - 47


dustSmallAlmandine
techreborn:smalldust - 0


dustSmallAluminum
techreborn:smalldust - 1


dustSmallAndesite
techreborn:smalldust - 63


dustSmallAndradite
techreborn:smalldust - 2


dustSmallAshes
techreborn:smalldust - 3


dustSmallBasalt
techreborn:smalldust - 4


dustSmallBauxite
techreborn:smalldust - 5


dustSmallBrass
techreborn:smalldust - 6


dustSmallBronze
techreborn:smalldust - 7


dustSmallCalcite
techreborn:smalldust - 8


dustSmallCharcoal
techreborn:smalldust - 9


dustSmallChrome
techreborn:smalldust - 10


dustSmallCinnabar
techreborn:smalldust - 11


dustSmallClay
techreborn:smalldust - 12


dustSmallCoal
techreborn:smalldust - 13


dustSmallCopper
techreborn:smalldust - 14


dustSmallDarkAshes
techreborn:smalldust - 15


dustSmallDiamond
techreborn:smalldust - 16


dustSmallDiorite
techreborn:smalldust - 64


dustSmallElectrum
techreborn:smalldust - 17


dustSmallEmerald
techreborn:smalldust - 18


dustSmallEnderEye
techreborn:smalldust - 19


dustSmallEnderPearl
techreborn:smalldust - 20


dustSmallEndstone
techreborn:smalldust - 21


dustSmallFlint
techreborn:smalldust - 22


dustSmallGalena
techreborn:smalldust - 23


dustSmallGlowstone
techreborn:smalldust - 62


dustSmallGold
techreborn:smalldust - 24


dustSmallGranite
techreborn:smalldust - 65


dustSmallGrossular
techreborn:smalldust - 25


dustSmallInvar
techreborn:smalldust - 26


dustSmallIridium
techreborn:smalldust - 66


dustSmallIron
techreborn:smalldust - 27


dustSmallLazurite
techreborn:smalldust - 28


dustSmallLead
techreborn:smalldust - 29


dustSmallMagnesium
techreborn:smalldust - 30


dustSmallManganese
techreborn:smalldust - 31


dustSmallMarble
techreborn:smalldust - 32


dustSmallNetherrack
techreborn:smalldust - 33


dustSmallNickel
techreborn:smalldust - 34


dustSmallObsidian
techreborn:smalldust - 35


dustSmallPeridot
techreborn:smalldust - 36


dustSmallPhosphorous
techreborn:smalldust - 37


dustSmallPlatinum
techreborn:smalldust - 38


dustSmallPlutonium
techreborn:smalldust - 69


dustSmallPyrite
techreborn:smalldust - 39


dustSmallPyrope
techreborn:smalldust - 40


dustSmallRedGarnet
techreborn:smalldust - 41


dustSmallRedstone
techreborn:smalldust - 61


dustSmallRuby
techreborn:smalldust - 43


dustSmallSaltpeter
techreborn:smalldust - 44


dustSmallSapphire
techreborn:smalldust - 45


dustSmallSawDust
techreborn:smalldust - 46


dustSmallSilver
techreborn:smalldust - 47


dustSmallSodalite
techreborn:smalldust - 48


dustSmallSpessartine
techreborn:smalldust - 49


dustSmallSphalerite
techreborn:smalldust - 50


dustSmallSteel
techreborn:smalldust - 51


dustSmallSulfur
techreborn:smalldust - 52


dustSmallThorium
techreborn:smalldust - 67


dustSmallTin
techreborn:smalldust - 53


dustSmallTitanium
techreborn:smalldust - 54


dustSmallTungsten
techreborn:smalldust - 55


dustSmallUranium
techreborn:smalldust - 68


dustSmallUvarovite
techreborn:smalldust - 56


dustSmallYellowGarnet
techreborn:smalldust - 58


dustSmallZinc
techreborn:smalldust - 59


dustSodalite
techreborn:dust - 48


dustSpessartine
techreborn:dust - 49


dustSphalerite
techreborn:dust - 50


dustSteel
techreborn:dust - 51


dustSulfur
techreborn:dust - 52


dustThorium
techreborn:dust - 65


dustTin
techreborn:dust - 53


dustTitanium
techreborn:dust - 54


dustTungsten
techreborn:dust - 55


dustUranium
techreborn:dust - 66


dustUvarovite
techreborn:dust - 56


dustYellowGarnet
techreborn:dust - 58


dustZinc
techreborn:dust - 59


dye
minecraft:dye - any
botania:dye - any


dyeBlack
minecraft:dye - 0
biomesoplenty:black_dye - 0
botania:dye - 15
quark:root_dye - 1


dyeBlue
minecraft:dye - 4
biomesoplenty:blue_dye - 0
botania:dye - 11
quark:root_dye - 0


dyeBrown
minecraft:dye - 3
biomesoplenty:brown_dye - 0
botania:dye - 12


dyeCyan
minecraft:dye - 6
botania:dye - 9


dyeGray
minecraft:dye - 8
botania:dye - 7


dyeGreen
minecraft:dye - 2
biomesoplenty:green_dye - 0
botania:dye - 13


dyeLightBlue
minecraft:dye - 12
botania:dye - 3


dyeLightGray
minecraft:dye - 7
botania:dye - 8


dyeLime
minecraft:dye - 10
botania:dye - 5


dyeMagenta
minecraft:dye - 13
botania:dye - 2


dyeOrange
minecraft:dye - 14
botania:dye - 1


dyePink
minecraft:dye - 9
botania:dye - 6


dyePurple
minecraft:dye - 5
botania:dye - 10


dyeRed
minecraft:dye - 1
botania:dye - 14


dyeSilver


dyeWhite
minecraft:dye - 15
biomesoplenty:white_dye - 0
botania:dye - 0
quark:root_dye - 2


dyeYellow
minecraft:dye - 11
botania:dye - 4


egg
minecraft:egg - 0


elvenDragonstone
botania:manaresource - 9


elvenPixieDust
botania:manaresource - 8


enderpearl
minecraft:ender_pearl - 0


endstone
minecraft:end_stone - 0


energyCrystal
techreborn:energycrystal - 0


eternalLifeEssence
botania:manaresource - 5


feather
minecraft:feather - 0
mod_lavacow:feather_black - 0


fenceGateWood
minecraft:fence_gate - 0
minecraft:spruce_fence_gate - 0
minecraft:birch_fence_gate - 0
minecraft:jungle_fence_gate - 0
minecraft:dark_oak_fence_gate - 0
minecraft:acacia_fence_gate - 0
biomesoplenty:sacred_oak_fence_gate - 0
biomesoplenty:cherry_fence_gate - 0
biomesoplenty:umbran_fence_gate - 0
biomesoplenty:fir_fence_gate - 0
biomesoplenty:ethereal_fence_gate - 0
biomesoplenty:magic_fence_gate - 0
biomesoplenty:mangrove_fence_gate - 0
biomesoplenty:palm_fence_gate - 0
biomesoplenty:redwood_fence_gate - 0
biomesoplenty:willow_fence_gate - 0
biomesoplenty:pine_fence_gate - 0
biomesoplenty:hellbark_fence_gate - 0
biomesoplenty:jacaranda_fence_gate - 0
biomesoplenty:mahogany_fence_gate - 0
biomesoplenty:ebony_fence_gate - 0
biomesoplenty:eucalyptus_fence_gate - 0


fenceIron
techreborn:refined_iron_fence - 0


fenceWood
minecraft:fence - 0
minecraft:spruce_fence - 0
minecraft:birch_fence - 0
minecraft:jungle_fence - 0
minecraft:dark_oak_fence - 0
minecraft:acacia_fence - 0
biomesoplenty:sacred_oak_fence - 0
biomesoplenty:cherry_fence - 0
biomesoplenty:umbran_fence - 0
biomesoplenty:fir_fence - 0
biomesoplenty:ethereal_fence - 0
biomesoplenty:magic_fence - 0
biomesoplenty:mangrove_fence - 0
biomesoplenty:palm_fence - 0
biomesoplenty:redwood_fence - 0
biomesoplenty:willow_fence - 0
biomesoplenty:pine_fence - 0
biomesoplenty:hellbark_fence - 0
biomesoplenty:jacaranda_fence - 0
biomesoplenty:mahogany_fence - 0
biomesoplenty:ebony_fence - 0
biomesoplenty:eucalyptus_fence - 0


fertilizer
minecraft:dye - 15


flourEqualswheat
minecraft:wheat - 0
harvestcraft:flouritem - 0


flowerBlueHydrangea
biomesoplenty:flower_0 - 4


flowerBluebells
biomesoplenty:flower_1 - 2


flowerBromeliad
biomesoplenty:flower_0 - 11


flowerBurningBlossom
biomesoplenty:flower_0 - 15


flowerClover
biomesoplenty:flower_0 - 0


flowerDeathbloom
biomesoplenty:flower_0 - 2


flowerEnderlotus
biomesoplenty:flower_0 - 10


flowerGlowflower
biomesoplenty:flower_0 - 3


flowerGoldenrod
biomesoplenty:flower_1 - 1


flowerIcyIris
biomesoplenty:flower_1 - 4


flowerLavender
biomesoplenty:flower_1 - 0


flowerLilyOfTheValley
biomesoplenty:flower_0 - 14


flowerMinersDelight
biomesoplenty:flower_1 - 3


flowerOrangeCosmos
biomesoplenty:flower_0 - 5


flowerPinkDaffodil
biomesoplenty:flower_0 - 6


flowerPinkHibiscus
biomesoplenty:flower_0 - 13


flowerRed
minecraft:red_flower - 0


flowerRose
biomesoplenty:flower_1 - 5


flowerSwampflower
biomesoplenty:flower_0 - 1


flowerViolet
biomesoplenty:flower_0 - 8


flowerWhiteAnemone
biomesoplenty:flower_0 - 9


flowerWildflower
biomesoplenty:flower_0 - 7


flowerWiltedLily
biomesoplenty:flower_0 - 12


flowerYellow
minecraft:yellow_flower - 0


foodAkutuq
harvestcraft:akutuqitem - 0


foodAlmondbutter
harvestcraft:almondbutteritem - 0


foodAnchovypepperonipizza
harvestcraft:anchovypepperonipizzaitem - 0


foodAnchovyraw
harvestcraft:anchovyrawitem - 0


foodApplecider
harvestcraft:applecideritem - 0


foodApplefritter
harvestcraft:applefritteritem - 0


foodApplejelly
harvestcraft:applejellyitem - 0


foodApplejellysandwich
harvestcraft:applejellysandwichitem - 0


foodApplejuice
harvestcraft:applejuiceitem - 0


foodApplepie
harvestcraft:applepieitem - 0


foodApplesauce
harvestcraft:applesauceitem - 0


foodApplesmoothie
harvestcraft:applesmoothieitem - 0


foodApplesnow
harvestcraft:applesnowitem - 0


foodAppleyogurt
harvestcraft:appleyogurtitem - 0


foodApricotglazedpork
harvestcraft:apricotglazedporkitem - 0


foodApricotjelly
harvestcraft:apricotjellyitem - 0


foodApricotjellysandwich
harvestcraft:apricotjellysandwichitem - 0


foodApricotjuice
harvestcraft:apricotjuiceitem - 0


foodApricotsmoothie
harvestcraft:apricotsmoothieitem - 0


foodApricotyogurt
harvestcraft:apricotyogurtitem - 0


foodAsparagusquiche
harvestcraft:asparagusquicheitem - 0


foodAsparagussoup
harvestcraft:asparagussoupitem - 0


foodAvocadoburrito
harvestcraft:avocadoburritoitem - 0


foodBabaganoush
harvestcraft:babaganoushitem - 0


foodBaconandeggs
harvestcraft:baconandeggsitem - 0
mod_lavacow:green_bacon_and_eggs - 0


foodBaconcheeseburger
harvestcraft:baconcheeseburgeritem - 0


foodBaconmushroomburger
harvestcraft:baconmushroomburgeritem - 0


foodBaconpancakes
harvestcraft:baconpancakesitem - 0


foodBaconwrappedchili
harvestcraft:baconwrappedchiliitem - 0


foodBaconwrappeddates
harvestcraft:baconwrappeddatesitem - 0


foodBakedalaska
harvestcraft:bakedalaskaitem - 0


foodBakedbeans
harvestcraft:bakedbeansitem - 0


foodBakedbeets
harvestcraft:bakedbeetsitem - 0


foodBakedcactus
harvestcraft:bakedcactusitem - 0


foodBakedham
harvestcraft:bakedhamitem - 0


foodBakedturnips
harvestcraft:bakedturnipsitem - 0


foodBaklava
harvestcraft:baklavaitem - 0


foodBamboosteamedrice
harvestcraft:bamboosteamedriceitem - 0


foodBananamilkshake
harvestcraft:bananamilkshakeitem - 0


foodBanananutbread
harvestcraft:banananutbreaditem - 0


foodBananasmoothie
harvestcraft:bananasmoothieitem - 0


foodBananasplit
harvestcraft:bananasplititem - 0


foodBananayogurt
harvestcraft:bananayogurtitem - 0


foodBangersandmash
harvestcraft:bangersandmashitem - 0


foodBassraw
harvestcraft:bassrawitem - 0


foodBattenberg
harvestcraft:battenbergitem - 0


foodBatter
harvestcraft:batteritem - 0


foodBatteredsausage
harvestcraft:batteredsausageitem - 0


foodBbqchickenbiscuit
harvestcraft:bbqchickenbiscuititem - 0


foodBbqchickenpizza
harvestcraft:bbqchickenpizzaitem - 0


foodBbqjackfruit
harvestcraft:bbqjackfruititem - 0


foodBbqplatter
harvestcraft:bbqplatteritem - 0


foodBbqpotatochips
harvestcraft:bbqpotatochipsitem - 0


foodBbqpulledpork
harvestcraft:bbqpulledporkitem - 0


foodBbqsauce
harvestcraft:bbqsauceitem - 0


foodBeanburrito
harvestcraft:beanburritoitem - 0


foodBeansandrice
harvestcraft:beansandriceitem - 0


foodBeansontoast
harvestcraft:beansontoastitem - 0


foodBeefjerky
harvestcraft:beefjerkyitem - 0


foodBeefwellington
harvestcraft:beefwellingtonitem - 0


foodBeetburger
harvestcraft:beetburgeritem - 0


foodBeetsalad
harvestcraft:beetsaladitem - 0


foodBeetsoup
harvestcraft:beetsoupitem - 0


foodBentobox
harvestcraft:bentoboxitem - 0


foodBerrymeringuenest
harvestcraft:berrymeringuenestitem - 0


foodBerryvinaigrettesalad
harvestcraft:berryvinaigrettesaladitem - 0


foodBibimbap
harvestcraft:bibimbapitem - 0


foodBiscuit
harvestcraft:biscuititem - 0


foodBiscuitsandgravy
harvestcraft:biscuitsandgravyitem - 0


foodBlackberrycobbler
harvestcraft:blackberrycobbleritem - 0


foodBlackberryjelly
harvestcraft:blackberryjellyitem - 0


foodBlackberryjellysandwich
harvestcraft:blackberryjellysandwichitem - 0


foodBlackberryjuice
sakura:foodset - 118
harvestcraft:blackberryjuiceitem - 0


foodBlackberrysmoothie
harvestcraft:blackberrysmoothieitem - 0


foodBlackberryyogurt
harvestcraft:blackberryyogurtitem - 0


foodBlackpaella
harvestcraft:blackpaellaitem - 0


foodBlackpepper
sakura:materials - 27
harvestcraft:blackpepperitem - 0


foodBlazingsoup
harvestcraft:blazingsoupitem - 0


foodBlt
harvestcraft:bltitem - 0


foodBlueberryjelly
harvestcraft:blueberryjellyitem - 0


foodBlueberryjellysandwich
harvestcraft:blueberryjellysandwichitem - 0


foodBlueberryjuice
harvestcraft:blueberryjuiceitem - 0


foodBlueberrymuffin
harvestcraft:blueberrymuffinitem - 0


foodBlueberrypancakes
harvestcraft:blueberrypancakesitem - 0


foodBlueberrypie
harvestcraft:blueberrypieitem - 0


foodBlueberrysmoothie
harvestcraft:blueberrysmoothieitem - 0


foodBlueberryyogurt
harvestcraft:blueberryyogurtitem - 0


foodBoiledegg
harvestcraft:boiledeggitem - 0


foodBologna
harvestcraft:bolognaitem - 0


foodBolognasandwich
harvestcraft:bolognasandwichitem - 0


foodBowlofrice
biomesoplenty:ricebowl - 0


foodBraisedonions
harvestcraft:braisedonionsitem - 0


foodBratwurst
harvestcraft:bratwurstitem - 0


foodBread
minecraft:bread - 0
sakura:foodset - 2
sakura:foodset - 131


foodBreadcrumbs
sakura:materials - 30


foodBreadedporkchop
harvestcraft:breadedporkchopitem - 0


foodBreakfastburrito
harvestcraft:breakfastburritoitem - 0


foodBriochebun
harvestcraft:briochebunitem - 0


foodBroccolimac
harvestcraft:broccolimacitem - 0


foodBroccolindip
harvestcraft:broccolindipitem - 0


foodBrownie
harvestcraft:brownieitem - 0


foodBubbletea
harvestcraft:bubbleteaitem - 0


foodBubblywater
sakura:foodset - 116
harvestcraft:bubblywateritem - 0


foodBulgogi
harvestcraft:bulgogiitem - 0


foodButter
harvestcraft:butteritem - 0


foodButtercookie
harvestcraft:buttercookieitem - 0


foodButteredpotato
harvestcraft:butteredpotatoitem - 0


foodButtertart
harvestcraft:buttertartitem - 0


foodCactusfruitjuice
harvestcraft:cactusfruitjuiceitem - 0


foodCactussoup
harvestcraft:cactussoupitem - 0


foodCalamaricooked
harvestcraft:calamaricookeditem - 0


foodCalamariraw
harvestcraft:calamarirawitem - 0


foodCaliforniaroll
harvestcraft:californiarollitem - 0


foodCandiedginger
harvestcraft:candiedgingeritem - 0


foodCandiedlemon
harvestcraft:candiedlemonitem - 0


foodCandiedpecans
harvestcraft:candiedpecansitem - 0


foodCandiedsweetpotatoes
harvestcraft:candiedsweetpotatoesitem - 0


foodCandiedwalnuts
harvestcraft:candiedwalnutsitem - 0


foodCantonesegreens
harvestcraft:cantonesegreensitem - 0


foodCantonesenoodles
harvestcraft:cantonesenoodlesitem - 0


foodCaramel
harvestcraft:caramelitem - 0


foodCaramelapple
harvestcraft:caramelappleitem - 0


foodCaramelcupcake
harvestcraft:caramelcupcakeitem - 0


foodCaramelicecream
harvestcraft:caramelicecreamitem - 0


foodCarpraw
harvestcraft:carprawitem - 0


foodCarrotcake
harvestcraft:carrotcakeitem - 0


foodCarrotcupcake
harvestcraft:carrotcupcakeitem - 0


foodCarrotjuice
harvestcraft:carrotjuiceitem - 0


foodCarrotsoup
harvestcraft:carrotsoupitem - 0


foodCashewbutter
harvestcraft:cashewbutteritem - 0


foodCashewchicken
harvestcraft:cashewchickenitem - 0


foodCassoulet
harvestcraft:cassouletitem - 0


foodCatfishraw
harvestcraft:catfishrawitem - 0


foodCeasarsalad
harvestcraft:ceasarsaladitem - 0


foodCeleryandpeanutbutter
harvestcraft:celeryandpeanutbutteritem - 0


foodCelerysoup
harvestcraft:celerysoupitem - 0


foodCeviche
harvestcraft:cevicheitem - 0


foodChaitea
harvestcraft:chaiteaitem - 0


foodChaoscookie
harvestcraft:chaoscookieitem - 0


foodCharrraw
harvestcraft:charrrawitem - 0


foodCharsiu
harvestcraft:charsiuitem - 0


foodCheddarandsourcreampotatochips
harvestcraft:cheddarandsourcreampotatochipsitem - 0


foodCheese
sakura:foodset - 5
harvestcraft:cheeseitem - 0


foodCheeseburger
harvestcraft:cheeseburgeritem - 0


foodCheesecake
harvestcraft:cheesecakeitem - 0


foodCheesedanish
harvestcraft:cheesedanishitem - 0


foodCheeseontoast
harvestcraft:cheeseontoastitem - 0


foodCheesesteak
harvestcraft:cheesesteakitem - 0


foodCheesyshrimpquinoa
harvestcraft:cheesyshrimpquinoaitem - 0


foodCheezepuffs
harvestcraft:cheezepuffsitem - 0


foodCherrycheesecake
harvestcraft:cherrycheesecakeitem - 0


foodCherrycoconutchocolatebar
harvestcraft:cherrycoconutchocolatebaritem - 0


foodCherryicecream
harvestcraft:cherryicecreamitem - 0


foodCherryjelly
harvestcraft:cherryjellyitem - 0


foodCherryjellysandwich
harvestcraft:cherryjellysandwichitem - 0


foodCherryjuice
harvestcraft:cherryjuiceitem - 0


foodCherrypie
harvestcraft:cherrypieitem - 0


foodCherryslushie
harvestcraft:cherryslushieitem - 0


foodCherrysmoothie
harvestcraft:cherrysmoothieitem - 0


foodCherrysoda
harvestcraft:cherrysodaitem - 0


foodCherryyogurt
harvestcraft:cherryyogurtitem - 0


foodChestnutbutter
harvestcraft:chestnutbutteritem - 0


foodChickenandwaffles
harvestcraft:chickenandwafflesitem - 0


foodChickenbiscuit
harvestcraft:chickenbiscuititem - 0


foodChickencelerycasserole
harvestcraft:chickencelerycasseroleitem - 0


foodChickenchowmein
harvestcraft:chickenchowmeinitem - 0


foodChickencordonbleu
harvestcraft:chickencordonbleuitem - 0


foodChickencurry
harvestcraft:chickencurryitem - 0


foodChickendinner
harvestcraft:chickendinneritem - 0


foodChickengumbo
harvestcraft:chickengumboitem - 0


foodChickenkatsu
harvestcraft:chickenkatsuitem - 0


foodChickennoodlesoup
harvestcraft:chickennoodlesoupitem - 0


foodChickenpaella
harvestcraft:chickenpaellaitem - 0


foodChickenparmasan
harvestcraft:chickenparmasanitem - 0


foodChickenpotpie
harvestcraft:chickenpotpieitem - 0


foodChickensandwich
harvestcraft:chickensandwichitem - 0


foodChikoroll
harvestcraft:chikorollitem - 0


foodChili
harvestcraft:chiliitem - 0


foodChilichocolate
harvestcraft:chilichocolateitem - 0


foodChilicupcake
harvestcraft:chilicupcakeitem - 0


foodChilidog
harvestcraft:chilidogitem - 0


foodChilidonut
harvestcraft:chilidonutitem - 0


foodChilipoppers
harvestcraft:chilipoppersitem - 0


foodChimichanga
harvestcraft:chimichangaitem - 0


foodChipsanddip
harvestcraft:chipsanddipitem - 0


foodChipsandsalsa
harvestcraft:chipsandsalsaitem - 0


foodChocolatebacon
harvestcraft:chocolatebaconitem - 0


foodChocolatebar
harvestcraft:chocolatebaritem - 0


foodChocolatecaramelfudge
harvestcraft:chocolatecaramelfudgeitem - 0


foodChocolatecherry
harvestcraft:chocolatecherryitem - 0


foodChocolatecoconutbar
harvestcraft:chocolatecoconutbaritem - 0


foodChocolatecupcake
harvestcraft:chocolatecupcakeitem - 0


foodChocolatedonut
harvestcraft:chocolatedonutitem - 0


foodChocolateicecream
harvestcraft:chocolateicecreamitem - 0


foodChocolatemilk
harvestcraft:chocolatemilkitem - 0


foodChocolatemilkshake
harvestcraft:chocolatemilkshakeitem - 0


foodChocolateorange
harvestcraft:chocolateorangeitem - 0


foodChocolatepudding
harvestcraft:chocolatepuddingitem - 0


foodChocolateroll
harvestcraft:chocolaterollitem - 0


foodChocolatesprinklecake
harvestcraft:chocolatesprinklecakeitem - 0


foodChocolatestrawberry
harvestcraft:chocolatestrawberryitem - 0


foodChocolateyogurt
harvestcraft:chocolateyogurtitem - 0


foodChocovoxels
harvestcraft:chocovoxelsitem - 0


foodChorusfruitsoup
harvestcraft:chorusfruitsoupitem - 0


foodCinnamonappleoatmeal
harvestcraft:cinnamonappleoatmealitem - 0


foodCinnamonbread
harvestcraft:cinnamonbreaditem - 0


foodCinnamonroll
harvestcraft:cinnamonrollitem - 0


foodCinnamonsugardonut
harvestcraft:cinnamonsugardonutitem - 0


foodCinnamontoast
harvestcraft:cinnamontoastitem - 0


foodCitrussalad
harvestcraft:citrussaladitem - 0


foodClamchowder
harvestcraft:clamchowderitem - 0


foodClamcooked
harvestcraft:clamcookeditem - 0


foodClamraw
harvestcraft:clamrawitem - 0


foodCobblestonecobbler
harvestcraft:cobblestonecobbleritem - 0


foodCocoapowder
harvestcraft:cocoapowderitem - 0


foodCoconutcream
harvestcraft:coconutcreamitem - 0


foodCoconutmilk
harvestcraft:coconutmilkitem - 0


foodCoconutshrimp
harvestcraft:coconutshrimpitem - 0


foodCoconutsmoothie
harvestcraft:coconutsmoothieitem - 0


foodCoconutyogurt
harvestcraft:coconutyogurtitem - 0


foodCoffee
harvestcraft:coffeeitem - 0


foodCoffeeconleche
harvestcraft:coffeeconlecheitem - 0


foodCoffeecupcake
harvestcraft:coffeecupcakeitem - 0


foodColasoda
harvestcraft:colasodaitem - 0


foodColeslaw
harvestcraft:coleslawitem - 0


foodColeslawburger
harvestcraft:coleslawburgeritem - 0


foodCookiesandmilk
harvestcraft:cookiesandmilkitem - 0


foodCornbread
harvestcraft:cornbreaditem - 0


foodCornchips
harvestcraft:cornchipsitem - 0


foodCorndog
harvestcraft:corndogitem - 0


foodCornedbeef
harvestcraft:cornedbeefitem - 0


foodCornedbeefbreakfast
harvestcraft:cornedbeefbreakfastitem - 0


foodCornedbeefhash
harvestcraft:cornedbeefhashitem - 0


foodCornflakes
harvestcraft:cornflakesitem - 0


foodCornishpasty
harvestcraft:cornishpastyitem - 0


foodCornmeal
harvestcraft:cornmealitem - 0


foodCornonthecob
harvestcraft:cornonthecobitem - 0


foodCottagepie
harvestcraft:cottagepieitem - 0


foodCottoncandy
harvestcraft:cottoncandyitem - 0


foodCrabcooked
harvestcraft:crabcookeditem - 0
mod_lavacow:mimic_claw_cooked - 0


foodCrabkimbap
harvestcraft:crabkimbapitem - 0


foodCrabraw
harvestcraft:crabrawitem - 0
mod_lavacow:mimic_claw - 0


foodCracker
harvestcraft:crackeritem - 0


foodCrackers
harvestcraft:crackersitem - 0


foodCrackersandcheese
harvestcraft:crackersandcheeseitem - 0


foodCracklins
harvestcraft:cracklinsitem - 0


foodCranberrybar
harvestcraft:cranberrybaritem - 0


foodCranberryjelly
harvestcraft:cranberryjellyitem - 0


foodCranberryjellysandwich
harvestcraft:cranberryjellysandwichitem - 0


foodCranberryjuice
harvestcraft:cranberryjuiceitem - 0


foodCranberrysauce
harvestcraft:cranberrysauceitem - 0


foodCranberrysmoothie
harvestcraft:cranberrysmoothieitem - 0


foodCranberryyogurt
harvestcraft:cranberryyogurtitem - 0


foodCrawfishetoufee
harvestcraft:crawfishetoufeeitem - 0


foodCrayfishcooked
harvestcraft:crayfishcookeditem - 0


foodCrayfishraw
harvestcraft:crayfishrawitem - 0


foodCrayfishsalad
harvestcraft:crayfishsaladitem - 0


foodCreamcookie
harvestcraft:creamcookieitem - 0


foodCreamedbroccolisoup
harvestcraft:creamedbroccolisoupitem - 0


foodCreamedcorn
harvestcraft:creamedcornitem - 0


foodCreamofavocadosoup
harvestcraft:creamofavocadosoupitem - 0


foodCreepercookie
harvestcraft:creepercookieitem - 0


foodCreeperwings
harvestcraft:creeperwingsitem - 0


foodCrispyricepuffbars
harvestcraft:crispyricepuffbarsitem - 0


foodCrispyricepuffcereal
harvestcraft:crispyricepuffcerealitem - 0


foodCroissant
harvestcraft:croissantitem - 0


foodCucumbersalad
harvestcraft:cucumbersaladitem - 0


foodCucumbersandwich
harvestcraft:cucumbersandwichitem - 0


foodCucumbersoup
harvestcraft:cucumbersoupitem - 0


foodCurry
harvestcraft:curryitem - 0


foodCurrypowder
harvestcraft:currypowderitem - 0


foodCustard
harvestcraft:custarditem - 0


foodDamper
harvestcraft:damperitem - 0


foodDandelionsalad
harvestcraft:dandelionsaladitem - 0


foodDandeliontea
harvestcraft:dandelionteaitem - 0


foodDango
harvestcraft:dangoitem - 0


foodDatenutbread
harvestcraft:datenutbreaditem - 0


foodDelightedmeal
harvestcraft:delightedmealitem - 0


foodDeluxecheeseburger
harvestcraft:deluxecheeseburgeritem - 0


foodDeluxechickencurry
harvestcraft:deluxechickencurryitem - 0


foodDeluxenachoes
harvestcraft:deluxenachoesitem - 0


foodDeviledegg
harvestcraft:deviledeggitem - 0


foodDhal
harvestcraft:dhalitem - 0


foodDimsum
harvestcraft:dimsumitem - 0


foodDonut
harvestcraft:donutitem - 0


foodDough
sakura:materials - 6
sakura:materials - 7
harvestcraft:doughitem - 0


foodDriedsoup
harvestcraft:driedsoupitem - 0


foodDuckcooked
harvestcraft:duckcookeditem - 0


foodDuckraw
harvestcraft:duckrawitem - 0


foodDurianmilkshake
harvestcraft:durianmilkshakeitem - 0


foodDurianmuffin
harvestcraft:durianmuffinitem - 0


foodEarlgreytea
harvestcraft:earlgreyteaitem - 0


foodEelraw
harvestcraft:eelrawitem - 0


foodEggnog
harvestcraft:eggnogitem - 0


foodEggplantparm
harvestcraft:eggplantparmitem - 0


foodEggroll
harvestcraft:eggrollitem - 0


foodEggsalad
harvestcraft:eggsaladitem - 0


foodEggsbenedict
harvestcraft:eggsbenedictitem - 0


foodEggtart
harvestcraft:eggtartitem - 0


foodEnchilada
harvestcraft:enchiladaitem - 0


foodEnergydrink
harvestcraft:energydrinkitem - 0


foodEpicbacon
harvestcraft:epicbaconitem - 0


foodEpicblt
harvestcraft:epicbltitem - 0


foodEscargot
harvestcraft:escargotitem - 0


foodEspresso
harvestcraft:espressoitem - 0


foodEtonmess
harvestcraft:etonmessitem - 0


foodExtremechili
harvestcraft:extremechiliitem - 0


foodFairybread
harvestcraft:fairybreaditem - 0


foodFestivalbread
harvestcraft:festivalbreaditem - 0


foodFiestacornsalad
harvestcraft:fiestacornsaladitem - 0


foodFigbar
harvestcraft:figbaritem - 0


foodFigjelly
harvestcraft:figjellyitem - 0


foodFigjellysandwich
harvestcraft:figjellysandwichitem - 0


foodFigjuice
harvestcraft:figjuiceitem - 0


foodFigsmoothie
harvestcraft:figsmoothieitem - 0


foodFigyogurt
harvestcraft:figyogurtitem - 0


foodFilledhoneycomb
biomesoplenty:filled_honeycomb - 0


foodFirmtofu
harvestcraft:firmtofuitem - 0


foodFishandchips
harvestcraft:fishandchipsitem - 0


foodFishdinner
harvestcraft:fishdinneritem - 0


foodFishlettucewrap
harvestcraft:fishlettucewrapitem - 0


foodFishsandwich
harvestcraft:fishsandwichitem - 0


foodFishsticks
harvestcraft:fishsticksitem - 0


foodFishtaco
harvestcraft:fishtacoitem - 0


foodFivespice
harvestcraft:fivespiceitem - 0


foodFlour
sakura:materials - 4
harvestcraft:flouritem - 0


foodFootlong
harvestcraft:footlongitem - 0


foodFortunecookie
harvestcraft:fortunecookieitem - 0


foodFrenchtoast
harvestcraft:frenchtoastitem - 0


foodFriedbolognasandwich
harvestcraft:friedbolognasandwichitem - 0


foodFriedchicken
harvestcraft:friedchickenitem - 0


foodFriedegg
harvestcraft:friedeggitem - 0


foodFriedfeast
harvestcraft:friedfeastitem - 0


foodFriedgreentomatoes
harvestcraft:friedgreentomatoesitem - 0


foodFriedonions
harvestcraft:friedonionsitem - 0


foodFriedpecanokra
harvestcraft:friedpecanokraitem - 0


foodFriedrice
harvestcraft:friedriceitem - 0


foodFries
harvestcraft:friesitem - 0


foodFrogcooked
harvestcraft:frogcookeditem - 0


foodFroglegstirfry
harvestcraft:froglegstirfryitem - 0


foodFrograw
harvestcraft:frograwitem - 0


foodFrosteddonut
harvestcraft:frosteddonutitem - 0


foodFruitcake
harvestcraft:fruitcakeitem - 0


foodFruitcreamfestivalbread
harvestcraft:fruitcreamfestivalbreaditem - 0


foodFruitcrumble
harvestcraft:fruitcrumbleitem - 0


foodFruitpunch
harvestcraft:fruitpunchitem - 0


foodFruitsalad
harvestcraft:fruitsaladitem - 0


foodFutomaki
harvestcraft:futomakiitem - 0


foodGarammasala
harvestcraft:garammasalaitem - 0


foodGardensoup
harvestcraft:gardensoupitem - 0


foodGarlicbread
harvestcraft:garlicbreaditem - 0


foodGarlicchicken
harvestcraft:garlicchickenitem - 0


foodGarlicmashedpotatoes
harvestcraft:garlicmashedpotatoesitem - 0


foodGarlicsteak
harvestcraft:garlicsteakitem - 0


foodGeneraltsochicken
harvestcraft:generaltsochickenitem - 0


foodGherkin
harvestcraft:gherkinitem - 0


foodGigapickle
harvestcraft:gigapickleitem - 0


foodGingerbread
harvestcraft:gingerbreaditem - 0


foodGingerchicken
harvestcraft:gingerchickenitem - 0


foodGingeredrhubarbtart
harvestcraft:gingeredrhubarbtartitem - 0


foodGingersnaps
harvestcraft:gingersnapsitem - 0


foodGingersoda
harvestcraft:gingersodaitem - 0


foodGlazedcarrots
harvestcraft:glazedcarrotsitem - 0


foodGlisteningsalad
harvestcraft:glisteningsaladitem - 0


foodGooseberryjelly
harvestcraft:gooseberryjellyitem - 0


foodGooseberryjellysandwich
harvestcraft:gooseberryjellysandwichitem - 0


foodGooseberrymilkeshake
harvestcraft:gooseberrymilkshakeitem - 0


foodGooseberrypie
harvestcraft:gooseberrypieitem - 0


foodGooseberrysmoothie
harvestcraft:gooseberrysmoothieitem - 0


foodGooseberryyogurt
harvestcraft:gooseberryyogurtitem - 0


foodGourmetbeefburger
harvestcraft:gourmetbeefburgeritem - 0


foodGourmetbeefpatty
harvestcraft:gourmetbeefpattyitem - 0


foodGourmetmuttonburger
harvestcraft:gourmetmuttonburgeritem - 0


foodGourmetmuttonpatty
harvestcraft:gourmetmuttonpattyitem - 0


foodGourmetporkburger
harvestcraft:gourmetporkburgeritem - 0


foodGourmetporkpatty
harvestcraft:gourmetporkpattyitem - 0


foodGourmetvenisonburger
harvestcraft:gourmetvenisonburgeritem - 0


foodGourmetvenisonpatty
harvestcraft:gourmetvenisonpattyitem - 0


foodGrapefruitjelly
harvestcraft:grapefruitjellyitem - 0


foodGrapefruitjellysandwich
harvestcraft:grapefruitjellysandwichitem - 0


foodGrapefruitjellysmoothie
harvestcraft:grapefruitsmoothieitem - 0


foodGrapefruitjuice
harvestcraft:grapefruitjuiceitem - 0


foodGrapefruitsoda
harvestcraft:grapefruitsodaitem - 0


foodGrapefruityogurt
harvestcraft:grapefruityogurtitem - 0


foodGrapejelly
harvestcraft:grapejellyitem - 0


foodGrapejuice
harvestcraft:grapejuiceitem - 0


foodGrapesalad
harvestcraft:grapesaladitem - 0


foodGrapesmoothie
harvestcraft:grapesmoothieitem - 0


foodGrapesoda
harvestcraft:grapesodaitem - 0


foodGrapeyogurt
harvestcraft:grapeyogurtitem - 0


foodGravlax
harvestcraft:gravlaxitem - 0


foodGravy
harvestcraft:gravyitem - 0


foodGreenbeancasserole
harvestcraft:greenbeancasseroleitem - 0


foodGreeneggsandham
harvestcraft:greeneggsandhamitem - 0
mod_lavacow:green_bacon_and_eggs - 0


foodGreenheartfish
harvestcraft:greenheartfishitem - 0


foodGreentea
harvestcraft:greenteaitem - 0


foodGrilledasparagus
harvestcraft:grilledasparagusitem - 0


foodGrilledcheese
harvestcraft:grilledcheeseitem - 0


foodGrilledcheesevegemitetoast
harvestcraft:grilledcheesevegemitetoastitem - 0


foodGrilledeggplant
harvestcraft:grilledeggplantitem - 0


foodGrilledmushroom
harvestcraft:grilledmushroomitem - 0


foodGrilledskewers
harvestcraft:grilledskewersitem - 0


foodGrits
harvestcraft:gritsitem - 0


foodGroiledcheesesandwich
harvestcraft:groiledcheesesandwichitem - 0


foodGroundbeef
harvestcraft:groundbeefitem - 0


foodGroundchicken
harvestcraft:groundchickenitem - 0


foodGroundcinnamon
harvestcraft:groundcinnamonitem - 0


foodGroundduck
harvestcraft:groundduckitem - 0


foodGroundfish
harvestcraft:groundfishitem - 0


foodGroundmutton
harvestcraft:groundmuttonitem - 0


foodGroundnutmeg
harvestcraft:groundnutmegitem - 0


foodGroundpork
harvestcraft:groundporkitem - 0


foodGroundrabbit
harvestcraft:groundrabbititem - 0


foodGroundturkey
harvestcraft:groundturkeyitem - 0


foodGroundvenison
harvestcraft:groundvenisonitem - 0


foodGrouperraw
harvestcraft:grouperrawitem - 0


foodGuacamole
harvestcraft:guacamoleitem - 0


foodGuiso
harvestcraft:guisoitem - 0


foodGumbo
harvestcraft:gumboitem - 0


foodGummybears
harvestcraft:gummybearsitem - 0


foodGyudon
harvestcraft:gyudonitem - 0


foodHaggis
harvestcraft:haggisitem - 0


foodHamandcheesesandwich
harvestcraft:hamandcheesesandwichitem - 0


foodHamandpineapplepizza
harvestcraft:hamandpineapplepizzaitem - 0


foodHamburger
harvestcraft:hamburgeritem - 0


foodHamsweetpicklesandwich
harvestcraft:hamsweetpicklesandwichitem - 0


foodHash
harvestcraft:hashitem - 0


foodHeartyBreakfast
harvestcraft:heartybreakfastitem - 0


foodHeavycream
harvestcraft:heavycreamitem - 0


foodHerbbutterparsnips
harvestcraft:herbbutterparsnipsitem - 0


foodHerringraw
harvestcraft:herringrawitem - 0


foodHoisinsauce
harvestcraft:hoisinsauceitem - 0


foodHoisinsause
sakura:materials - 60


foodHolidaycake
harvestcraft:holidaycakeitem - 0


foodHomestylelunch
harvestcraft:homestylelunchitem - 0


foodHoneybread
harvestcraft:honeybreaditem - 0


foodHoneybun
harvestcraft:honeybunitem - 0


foodHoneycombchocolatebar
harvestcraft:honeycombchocolatebaritem - 0


foodHoneydrop
harvestcraft:honeyitem - 0


foodHoneyglazedcarrots
harvestcraft:honeyglazedcarrotsitem - 0


foodHoneyglazedham
harvestcraft:honeyglazedhamitem - 0


foodHoneylemonlamb
harvestcraft:honeylemonlambitem - 0


foodHoneysandwich
harvestcraft:honeysandwichitem - 0


foodHoneysoyribs
harvestcraft:honeysoyribsitem - 0


foodHotandsoursoup
harvestcraft:hotandsoursoupitem - 0


foodHotchocolate
harvestcraft:hotchocolateitem - 0


foodHotcocoa
harvestcraft:hotcocoaitem - 0


foodHotdishcasserole
harvestcraft:hotdishcasseroleitem - 0


foodHotdog
harvestcraft:hotdogitem - 0


foodHotsauce
harvestcraft:hotsauceitem - 0


foodHotwings
harvestcraft:hotwingsitem - 0
mod_lavacow:ptera_wing_cooked - 0


foodHummus
harvestcraft:hummusitem - 0


foodHushpuppies
harvestcraft:hushpuppiesitem - 0


foodIcecream
harvestcraft:icecreamitem - 0


foodImagawayaki
harvestcraft:imagawayakiitem - 0


foodImitationcrabsticks
harvestcraft:imitationcrabsticksitem - 0


foodIronbrew
harvestcraft:ironbrewitem - 0


foodJaffa
harvestcraft:jaffaitem - 0


foodJambalaya
harvestcraft:jambalayaitem - 0


foodJamroll
harvestcraft:jamrollitem - 0


foodJelliedeel
harvestcraft:jelliedeelitem - 0


foodJellybeans
harvestcraft:jellybeansitem - 0


foodJellydonut
harvestcraft:jellydonutitem - 0


foodJellyfishraw
harvestcraft:jellyfishrawitem - 0


foodKalechips
harvestcraft:kalechipsitem - 0


foodKetchup
sakura:materials - 12
harvestcraft:ketchupitem - 0


foodKeylimepie
harvestcraft:keylimepieitem - 0


foodKimchi
harvestcraft:kimchiitem - 0


foodKiwijelly
harvestcraft:kiwijellyitem - 0


foodKiwijellysandwich
harvestcraft:kiwijellysandwichitem - 0


foodKiwijuice
harvestcraft:kiwijuiceitem - 0


foodKiwismoothie
harvestcraft:kiwismoothieitem - 0


foodKiwiyogurt
harvestcraft:kiwiyogurtitem - 0


foodKohlundpinkel
harvestcraft:kohlundpinkelitem - 0


foodKoreandinner
harvestcraft:koreandinneritem - 0


foodKungpaochicken
harvestcraft:kungpaochickenitem - 0


foodLambbarleysoup
harvestcraft:lambbarleysoupitem - 0


foodLambkebab
harvestcraft:lambkebabitem - 0


foodLambwithmintsauce
harvestcraft:lambwithmintsauceitem - 0


foodLamington
harvestcraft:lamingtonitem - 0


foodLasagna
harvestcraft:lasagnaitem - 0


foodLavendershortbread
harvestcraft:lavendershortbreaditem - 0


foodLeafychickensandwich
harvestcraft:leafychickensandwichitem - 0


foodLeafyfishsandwich
harvestcraft:leafyfishsandwichitem - 0


foodLeekbaconsoup
harvestcraft:leekbaconsoupitem - 0


foodLemonaide
harvestcraft:lemonaideitem - 0


foodLemonbar
harvestcraft:lemonbaritem - 0


foodLemonchicken
harvestcraft:lemonchickenitem - 0


foodLemoncupcake
harvestcraft:lemoncupcakeitem - 0


foodLemondrizzlecake
harvestcraft:lemondrizzlecakeitem - 0


foodLemonjelly
harvestcraft:lemonjellyitem - 0


foodLemonjellysandwich
harvestcraft:lemonjellysandwichitem - 0


foodLemonlimesoda
harvestcraft:lemonlimesodaitem - 0


foodLemonmeringue
harvestcraft:lemonmeringueitem - 0


foodLemonsmoothie
harvestcraft:lemonsmoothieitem - 0


foodLemonyogurt
harvestcraft:lemonyogurtitem - 0


foodLimejelly
harvestcraft:limejellyitem - 0


foodLimejellysandwich
harvestcraft:limejellysandwichitem - 0


foodLimejuice
sakura:foodset - 115
harvestcraft:limejuiceitem - 0


foodLimesmoothie
harvestcraft:limesmoothieitem - 0


foodLimeyogurt
harvestcraft:limeyogurtitem - 0


foodLiverandonions
harvestcraft:liverandonionsitem - 0


foodLoadedbakedpotato
harvestcraft:loadedbakedpotatoitem - 0


foodLycheetea
harvestcraft:lycheeteaitem - 0


foodMangochutney
harvestcraft:mangochutneyitem - 0


foodMangojelly
harvestcraft:mangojellyitem - 0


foodMangojellysandwich
harvestcraft:mangojellysandwichitem - 0


foodMangojuice
harvestcraft:mangojuiceitem - 0


foodMangosmoothie
harvestcraft:mangosmoothieitem - 0


foodMangoyogurt
harvestcraft:mangoyogurtitem - 0


foodManjuu
harvestcraft:manjuuitem - 0


foodMaplecandiedbacon
harvestcraft:maplecandiedbaconitem - 0


foodMapleoatmeal
harvestcraft:mapleoatmealitem - 0


foodMaplesausage
harvestcraft:maplesausageitem - 0


foodMaplesyruppancakes
harvestcraft:maplesyruppancakesitem - 0


foodMaplesyrupwaffles
harvestcraft:maplesyrupwafflesitem - 0


foodMarinatedcucumbers
harvestcraft:marinatedcucumbersitem - 0


foodMarshmellowchicks
harvestcraft:marshmellowchicksitem - 0


foodMarshmellows
harvestcraft:marshmellowsitem - 0


foodMarzipan
harvestcraft:marzipanitem - 0


foodMashedpotatoes
harvestcraft:mashedpotatoesitem - 0


foodMashedpotatoeschickenbiscuit
harvestcraft:mashedpotatoeschickenbiscuititem - 0


foodMashedsweetpotatoes
harvestcraft:mashedsweetpotatoesitem - 0


foodMayo
sakura:materials - 61
harvestcraft:mayoitem - 0


foodMcpam
harvestcraft:mcpamitem - 0


foodMeatfeastpizza
harvestcraft:meatfeastpizzaitem - 0


foodMeatloaf
harvestcraft:meatloafitem - 0


foodMeatloafsandwich
harvestcraft:meatloafsandwichitem - 0


foodMeatpie
harvestcraft:meatpieitem - 0


foodMeatystew
harvestcraft:meatystewitem - 0


foodMeatystirfry
harvestcraft:meatystirfryitem - 0


foodMeesua
harvestcraft:meesuaitem - 0


foodMelonjuice
harvestcraft:melonjuiceitem - 0


foodMelonsmoothie
harvestcraft:melonsmoothieitem - 0


foodMelonyogurt
harvestcraft:melonyogurtitem - 0


foodMeringue
harvestcraft:meringueitem - 0


foodMeringuebombe
harvestcraft:meringuebombeitem - 0


foodMeringuebrownie
harvestcraft:meringuebrownieitem - 0


foodMeringuecookie
harvestcraft:meringuecookieitem - 0


foodMeringueroulade
harvestcraft:meringuerouladeitem - 0


foodMerveilleux
harvestcraft:merveilleuxitem - 0


foodMettbrotchen
harvestcraft:mettbrotchenitem - 0


foodMincepie
harvestcraft:mincepieitem - 0


foodMinerstew
harvestcraft:minerstewitem - 0


foodMintchocolatechipicecream
harvestcraft:mintchocolatechipicecreamitem - 0


foodMintcupcake
harvestcraft:mintcupcakeitem - 0


foodMiso
sakura:materials - 29


foodMisopaste
harvestcraft:misopasteitem - 0


foodMisosoup
harvestcraft:misosoupitem - 0


foodMixedsalad
harvestcraft:mixedsaladitem - 0


foodMobsoup
harvestcraft:mobsoupitem - 0


foodMocha
sakura:materials - 43


foodMochaicecream
harvestcraft:mochaicecreamitem - 0


foodMochi
harvestcraft:mochiitem - 0


foodMochicake
harvestcraft:mochicakeitem - 0


foodMochidessert
harvestcraft:mochidessertitem - 0


foodMonsterfrieddumplings
harvestcraft:monsterfrieddumplingsitem - 0


foodMontecristosandwich
harvestcraft:montecristosandwichitem - 0


foodMozzerellasticks
harvestcraft:mozzerellasticksitem - 0


foodMudfishraw
harvestcraft:mudfishrawitem - 0


foodMuseli
harvestcraft:museliitem - 0


foodMushroomketchup
harvestcraft:mushroomketchupitem - 0


foodMushroomketchupomelet
harvestcraft:mushroomketchupomeletitem - 0


foodMushroomlasagna
harvestcraft:mushroomlasagnaitem - 0


foodMushroompowder
biomesoplenty:shroompowder - 0


foodMushroomrisotto
harvestcraft:mushroomrisottoitem - 0


foodMushroomsteak
harvestcraft:mushroomsteakitem - 0


foodMusselcooked
harvestcraft:musselcookeditem - 0


foodMusselraw
harvestcraft:musselrawitem - 0


foodMustard
harvestcraft:mustarditem - 0


foodMusubi
harvestcraft:musubiitem - 0


foodMuttoncooked
minecraft:cooked_mutton - 0


foodMuttonraw
minecraft:mutton - 0


foodNaan
harvestcraft:naanitem - 0


foodNachoes
harvestcraft:nachoesitem - 0


foodNatto
sakura:foodset - 63


foodNeapolitanicecream
harvestcraft:neapolitanicecreamitem - 0


foodNetherstartoast
harvestcraft:netherstartoastitem - 0


foodNetherwings
harvestcraft:netherwingsitem - 0


foodNoodles
harvestcraft:noodlesitem - 0


foodNopalessalad
harvestcraft:nopalessaladitem - 0


foodNutella
harvestcraft:nutellaitem - 0


foodOctopuscooked
harvestcraft:octopuscookeditem - 0


foodOctopusraw
harvestcraft:octopusrawitem - 0


foodOkrachips
harvestcraft:okrachipsitem - 0


foodOkracreole
harvestcraft:okracreoleitem - 0


foodOldworldveggiesoup
harvestcraft:oldworldveggiesoupitem - 0


foodOliveoil
harvestcraft:oliveoilitem - 0


foodOmelet
harvestcraft:omeletitem - 0


foodOmurice
harvestcraft:omuriceitem - 0


foodOnigiri
harvestcraft:onigiriitem - 0


foodOnionhamburger
harvestcraft:onionhamburgeritem - 0


foodOnionsoup
harvestcraft:onionsoupitem - 0


foodOrangechicken
harvestcraft:orangechickenitem - 0


foodOrangeduck
harvestcraft:orangeduckitem - 0


foodOrangejelly
harvestcraft:orangejellyitem - 0


foodOrangejellysandwich
harvestcraft:orangejellysandwichitem - 0


foodOrangejuice
sakura:foodset - 119
harvestcraft:orangejuiceitem - 0


foodOrangesmoothie
harvestcraft:orangesmoothieitem - 0


foodOrangesoda
harvestcraft:orangesodaitem - 0


foodOrangeyogurt
harvestcraft:orangeyogurtitem - 0


foodOvenroastedcauliflower
harvestcraft:ovenroastedcaulifloweritem - 0


foodOystercooked
harvestcraft:oystercookeditem - 0


foodOysterraw
harvestcraft:oysterrawitem - 0


foodOystersauce
harvestcraft:oystersauceitem - 0


foodPadthai
harvestcraft:padthaiitem - 0


foodPambitsbox
harvestcraft:pambitsboxitem - 0


foodPancakes
harvestcraft:pancakesitem - 0


foodPaneer
harvestcraft:paneeritem - 0


foodPaneertikkamasala
harvestcraft:paneertikkamasalaitem - 0


foodPapayajelly
harvestcraft:papayajellyitem - 0


foodPapayajellysandwich
harvestcraft:papayajellysandwichitem - 0


foodPapayajuice
harvestcraft:papayajuiceitem - 0


foodPapayasmoothie
harvestcraft:papayasmoothieitem - 0


foodPapayayogurt
harvestcraft:papayayogurtitem - 0


foodParadiseburger
harvestcraft:paradiseburgeritem - 0


foodPasta
sakura:materials - 57
harvestcraft:pastaitem - 0


foodPastagardenia
harvestcraft:pastagardeniaitem - 0


foodPatreonpie
harvestcraft:patreonpieitem - 0


foodPavlova
harvestcraft:pavlovaitem - 0


foodPbandj
harvestcraft:pbandjitem - 0


foodPeaandhamsoup
harvestcraft:peaandhamsoupitem - 0


foodPeachcobbler
harvestcraft:peachcobbleritem - 0


foodPeachesandcreamoatmeal
harvestcraft:peachesandcreamoatmealitem - 0


foodPeachjelly
harvestcraft:peachjellyitem - 0


foodPeachjellysandwich
harvestcraft:peachjellysandwichitem - 0


foodPeachjuice
harvestcraft:peachjuiceitem - 0


foodPeachsmoothie
harvestcraft:peachsmoothieitem - 0


foodPeachyogurt
harvestcraft:peachyogurtitem - 0


foodPeanutbutter
harvestcraft:peanutbutteritem - 0


foodPeanutbutterbananasandwich
harvestcraft:peanutbutterbananasandwichitem - 0


foodPeanutbuttercookies
harvestcraft:peanutbuttercookiesitem - 0


foodPeanutbuttercup
harvestcraft:peanutbuttercupitem - 0


foodPeanutbuttercupcake
harvestcraft:peanutbuttercupcakeitem - 0


foodPeanutsoup
harvestcraft:peanutsoupitem - 0


foodPearjelly
harvestcraft:pearjellyitem - 0


foodPearjellysandwich
harvestcraft:pearjellysandwichitem - 0


foodPearjuice
harvestcraft:pearjuiceitem - 0


foodPearsmoothie
harvestcraft:pearsmoothieitem - 0


foodPearyogurt
harvestcraft:pearyogurtitem - 0


foodPeasandcelery
harvestcraft:peasandceleryitem - 0


foodPecanpie
harvestcraft:pecanpieitem - 0


foodPekingduck
harvestcraft:pekingduckitem - 0


foodPemmican
harvestcraft:pemmicanitem - 0


foodPepperjelly
harvestcraft:pepperjellyitem - 0


foodPepperjellyandcrackers
harvestcraft:pepperjellyandcrackersitem - 0


foodPeppermint
sakura:materials - 45
harvestcraft:peppermintitem - 0


foodPepperoni
harvestcraft:pepperoniitem - 0


foodPerchraw
harvestcraft:perchrawitem - 0


foodPersimmonjelly
harvestcraft:persimmonjellyitem - 0


foodPersimmonjellysanwich
harvestcraft:persimmonjellysandwichitem - 0


foodPersimmonjuice
harvestcraft:persimmonjuiceitem - 0


foodPersimmonsmoothie
harvestcraft:persimmonsmoothieitem - 0


foodPersimmonyogurt
harvestcraft:persimmonyogurtitem - 0


foodPho
harvestcraft:phoitem - 0


foodPickledbeets
harvestcraft:pickledbeetsitem - 0


foodPickledonions
harvestcraft:pickledonionsitem - 0


foodPickles
harvestcraft:gigapickleitem - 0
harvestcraft:picklesitem - 0
harvestcraft:sweetpickleitem - 0


foodPinacolada
harvestcraft:pinacoladaitem - 0


foodPineappleham
harvestcraft:pineapplehamitem - 0


foodPineappleupsidedowncake
harvestcraft:pineappleupsidedowncakeitem - 0


foodPineappleyogurt
harvestcraft:pineappleyogurtitem - 0


foodPinkel
harvestcraft:pinkelitem - 0


foodPistachiobakedsalmon
harvestcraft:pistachiobakedsalmonitem - 0


foodPistachiobutter
harvestcraft:pistachiobutteritem - 0


foodPistachioicecream
harvestcraft:pistachioicecreamitem - 0


foodPitepalt
harvestcraft:pitepaltitem - 0


foodPizza
harvestcraft:pizzaitem - 0


foodPizzaslice
harvestcraft:pizzasliceitem - 0


foodPizzasoup
harvestcraft:pizzasoupitem - 0


foodPlainyogurt
harvestcraft:plainyogurtitem - 0


foodPloughmanslunch
harvestcraft:ploughmanslunchitem - 0


foodPlumjelly
harvestcraft:plumjellyitem - 0


foodPlumjellysandwich
harvestcraft:plumjellysandwichitem - 0


foodPlumjuice
harvestcraft:plumjuiceitem - 0


foodPlumsmoothie
harvestcraft:plumsmoothieitem - 0


foodPlumyogurt
harvestcraft:plumyogurtitem - 0


foodPoachedpear
harvestcraft:poachedpearitem - 0


foodPomegranatejelly
harvestcraft:pomegranatejellyitem - 0


foodPomegranatejellysandwich
harvestcraft:pomegranatejellysandwichitem - 0


foodPomegranatejuice
harvestcraft:pomegranatejuiceitem - 0


foodPomegranatesmoothie
harvestcraft:pomegranatesmoothieitem - 0


foodPomegranateyogurt
harvestcraft:pomegranateyogurtitem - 0


foodPorklettucewrap
harvestcraft:porklettucewrapitem - 0


foodPorklomein
harvestcraft:porklomeinitem - 0


foodPorkrinds
harvestcraft:porkrindsitem - 0


foodPorksausage
harvestcraft:porksausageitem - 0


foodPotatoandcheesepirogi
harvestcraft:potatoandcheesepirogiitem - 0


foodPotatoandleeksoup
harvestcraft:potatoandleeksoupitem - 0


foodPotatocakes
harvestcraft:potatocakesitem - 0


foodPotatochips
harvestcraft:potatochipsitem - 0


foodPotatoesobrien
harvestcraft:potatoesobrienitem - 0


foodPotatosalad
harvestcraft:potatosaladitem - 0


foodPotatoskins
harvestcraft:potatoskinsitem - 0


foodPotatosoup
harvestcraft:potatosoupitem - 0


foodPotroast
harvestcraft:potroastitem - 0


foodPotstickers
harvestcraft:potstickersitem - 0


foodPoutine
harvestcraft:poutineitem - 0


foodPowdereddonut
harvestcraft:powdereddonutitem - 0


foodPralines
harvestcraft:pralinesitem - 0


foodPumpkinbread
harvestcraft:pumpkinbreaditem - 0


foodPumpkinoatscones
harvestcraft:pumpkinoatsconesitem - 0


foodPumpkinsoup
harvestcraft:pumpkinsoupitem - 0


foodPumpkinspicelatte
harvestcraft:pumpkinspicelatteitem - 0


foodPumpkinyogurt
harvestcraft:pumpkinyogurtitem - 0


foodQuesadilla
harvestcraft:quesadillaitem - 0


foodRabbitcooked
minecraft:cooked_rabbit - 0


foodRabbitraw
minecraft:rabbit - 0


foodRainbowcurry
harvestcraft:rainbowcurryitem - 0


foodRaisincookies
harvestcraft:raisincookiesitem - 0


foodRaisins
harvestcraft:raisinsitem - 0


foodRamen
harvestcraft:ramenitem - 0


foodRaspberryicedtea
harvestcraft:raspberryicedteaitem - 0


foodRaspberryjelly
harvestcraft:raspberryjellyitem - 0


foodRaspberryjellysandwich
harvestcraft:raspberryjellysandwichitem - 0


foodRaspberryjuice
harvestcraft:raspberryjuiceitem - 0


foodRaspberrymilkshake
harvestcraft:raspberrymilkshakeitem - 0


foodRaspberrypie
harvestcraft:raspberrypieitem - 0


foodRaspberrysmoothie
harvestcraft:raspberrysmoothieitem - 0


foodRaspberrytrifle
harvestcraft:raspberrytrifleitem - 0


foodRaspberryyogurt
harvestcraft:raspberryyogurtitem - 0


foodRedvelvetcake
harvestcraft:redvelvetcakeitem - 0


foodRedvelvetcupcake
harvestcraft:redvelvetcupcakeitem - 0


foodRefriedbeans
harvestcraft:refriedbeansitem - 0


foodRicecake
harvestcraft:ricecakeitem - 0


foodRicepudding
harvestcraft:ricepuddingitem - 0


foodRicesoup
harvestcraft:ricesoupitem - 0


foodRivermudcake
harvestcraft:rivermudcakeitem - 0


foodRoastchicken
harvestcraft:roastchickenitem - 0


foodRoastedchestnut
harvestcraft:roastedchestnutitem - 0


foodRoastedpumpkinseeds
harvestcraft:roastedpumpkinseedsitem - 0


foodRoastedrootveggiemedley
harvestcraft:roastedrootveggiemedleyitem - 0


foodRoastpotatoes
harvestcraft:roastpotatoesitem - 0


foodRootbeerfloat
harvestcraft:rootbeerfloatitem - 0


foodRootbeersoda
harvestcraft:rootbeersodaitem - 0


foodRosepetaltea
harvestcraft:rosepetalteaitem - 0


foodRoux
harvestcraft:rouxitem - 0


foodSaladdressing
harvestcraft:saladdressingitem - 0


foodSalisburysteak
harvestcraft:salisburysteakitem - 0


foodSalmononigiri
harvestcraft:salmononigiriitem - 0


foodSalmonpatties
harvestcraft:salmonpattiesitem - 0


foodSalmonraw
minecraft:fish - 1


foodSalsa
harvestcraft:salsaitem - 0


foodSalt
harvestcraft:saltitem - 0


foodSaltedcaramel
harvestcraft:saltedcaramelitem - 0


foodSaltedsunflowerseeds
harvestcraft:saltedsunflowerseedsitem - 0


foodSardineraw
harvestcraft:sardinerawitem - 0


foodSardinesinhotsauce
harvestcraft:sardinesinhotsauceitem - 0


foodSaucedlambkebab
harvestcraft:saucedlambkebabitem - 0


foodSauerbraten
harvestcraft:sauerbratenitem - 0


foodSausage
harvestcraft:sausageitem - 0


foodSausagebeanmelt
harvestcraft:sausagebeanmeltitem - 0


foodSausageinbread
harvestcraft:sausageinbreaditem - 0


foodSausageroll
harvestcraft:sausagerollitem - 0


foodScallionbakedpotato
harvestcraft:scallionbakedpotatoitem - 0


foodScallopcooked
harvestcraft:scallopcookeditem - 0


foodScallopraw
harvestcraft:scalloprawitem - 0


foodSchnitzel
harvestcraft:schnitzelitem - 0


foodScrambledegg
harvestcraft:scrambledeggitem - 0


foodSeedenergygel
harvestcraft:seedenergygelitem - 0


foodSeedsoup
harvestcraft:seedsoupitem - 0


foodSesameball
harvestcraft:sesameballitem - 0


foodSesameoil
harvestcraft:sesameoilitem - 0


foodSesamesnaps
harvestcraft:sesamesnapsitem - 0


foodShepherdspie
harvestcraft:shepardspieitem - 0


foodShrimpcocktail
harvestcraft:shrimpcocktailitem - 0


foodShrimpcooked
harvestcraft:shrimpcookeditem - 0


foodShrimpokrahushpuppies
harvestcraft:shrimpokrahushpuppiesitem - 0


foodShrimpraw
sakura:foodset - 78
harvestcraft:shrimprawitem - 0


foodShrimptempera
harvestcraft:shrimptemperaitem - 0


foodSilkentofu
harvestcraft:silkentofuitem - 0


foodSlawdog
harvestcraft:slawdogitem - 0


foodSlimegummies
harvestcraft:slimegummiesitem - 0


foodSlimepie
harvestcraft:slimepieitem - 0


foodSmores
harvestcraft:smoresitem - 0


foodSnailcooked
harvestcraft:snailcookeditem - 0


foodSnailraw
harvestcraft:snailrawitem - 0


foodSnapperraw
harvestcraft:snapperrawitem - 0


foodSnickersbar
harvestcraft:snickersbaritem - 0


foodSoftpretzel
harvestcraft:softpretzelitem - 0


foodSoftpretzelandmustard
harvestcraft:softpretzelandmustarditem - 0


foodSourcreamandonionpotatochips
harvestcraft:sourcreamandonionpotatochipsitem - 0


foodSouthernstylebreakfast
harvestcraft:southernstylebreakfastitem - 0


foodSoymilk
harvestcraft:soymilkitem - 0


foodSoysauce
sakura:materials - 33
harvestcraft:soysauceitem - 0


foodSoysause


foodSpagetti
harvestcraft:spagettiitem - 0


foodSpagettiandmeatballs
harvestcraft:spagettiandmeatballsitem - 0


foodSpaghettidinner
harvestcraft:spaghettidinneritem - 0


foodSpicebun
harvestcraft:spicebunitem - 0


foodSpiceleaf


foodSpicygreens
harvestcraft:spicygreensitem - 0


foodSpicymustardpork
harvestcraft:spicymustardporkitem - 0


foodSpidereyepie
harvestcraft:spidereyepieitem - 0


foodSpidereyesoup
harvestcraft:spidereyesoupitem - 0


foodSpinachpie
harvestcraft:spinachpieitem - 0


foodSplitpeasoup
harvestcraft:splitpeasoupitem - 0


foodSpringfieldcashewchicken
harvestcraft:springfieldcashewchickenitem - 0


foodSpringroll
harvestcraft:springrollitem - 0


foodSpringsalad
harvestcraft:springsaladitem - 0


foodSprinklescupcake
harvestcraft:sprinklescupcakeitem - 0


foodSpumoniicecream
harvestcraft:spumoniicecreamitem - 0


foodSquidinkspaghetti
harvestcraft:squidinkspaghettiitem - 0


foodStarfruitjelly
harvestcraft:starfruitjellyitem - 0


foodStarfruitjellysandwich
harvestcraft:starfruitjellysandwichitem - 0


foodStarfruitjuice
harvestcraft:starfruitjuiceitem - 0


foodStarfruitsmoothie
harvestcraft:starfruitsmoothieitem - 0


foodStarfruityogurt
harvestcraft:starfruityogurtitem - 0


foodSteakandchips
harvestcraft:steakandchipsitem - 0


foodSteakfajita
harvestcraft:steakfajitaitem - 0


foodSteaktartare
harvestcraft:steaktartareitem - 0


foodSteamedpeas
harvestcraft:steamedpeasitem - 0


foodSteamedspinach
harvestcraft:steamedspinachitem - 0


foodStock
harvestcraft:stockitem - 0


foodStrawberrycupcake
harvestcraft:strawberrycupcakeitem - 0


foodStrawberryicecream
harvestcraft:strawberryicecreamitem - 0


foodStrawberryjelly
harvestcraft:strawberryjellyitem - 0


foodStrawberryjellysandwich
harvestcraft:strawberryjellysandwichitem - 0


foodStrawberryjuice
harvestcraft:strawberryjuiceitem - 0


foodStrawberrymilkshake
harvestcraft:strawberrymilkshakeitem - 0


foodStrawberrypie
harvestcraft:strawberrypieitem - 0


foodStrawberryrhubarbpie
harvestcraft:strawberryrhubarbpieitem - 0


foodStrawberrysalad
harvestcraft:strawberrysaladitem - 0


foodStrawberrysmoothie
harvestcraft:strawberrysmoothieitem - 0


foodStrawberrysoda
harvestcraft:strawberrysodaitem - 0


foodStrawberrysouffle
harvestcraft:strawberrysouffleitem - 0


foodStrawberryyogurt
harvestcraft:strawberryyogurtitem - 0


foodStuffedchilipeppers
harvestcraft:stuffedchilipeppersitem - 0


foodStuffedduck
harvestcraft:stuffedduckitem - 0


foodStuffedeggplant
harvestcraft:stuffedeggplantitem - 0


foodStuffedmushroom
harvestcraft:stuffedmushroomitem - 0


foodStuffedpepper
harvestcraft:stuffedpepperitem - 0


foodStuffing
harvestcraft:stuffingitem - 0


foodSuccotash
harvestcraft:succotashitem - 0


foodSugarcookie
harvestcraft:sugarcookieitem - 0


foodSummerradishsalad
harvestcraft:summerradishsaladitem - 0


foodSummersquashwithradish
harvestcraft:summersquashwithradishitem - 0


foodSundayhightea
harvestcraft:sundayhighteaitem - 0


foodSundayroast
harvestcraft:sundayroastitem - 0


foodSunflowerbroccolisalad
harvestcraft:sunflowerbroccolisaladitem - 0


foodSunflowerwheatrolls
harvestcraft:sunflowerwheatrollsitem - 0


foodSupremepizza
harvestcraft:supremepizzaitem - 0


foodSurfandturf
harvestcraft:surfandturfitem - 0


foodSushi
harvestcraft:sushiitem - 0


foodSwedishmeatballs
harvestcraft:swedishmeatballsitem - 0
mod_lavacow:meatball - 0


foodSweetandsourchicken
harvestcraft:sweetandsourchickenitem - 0


foodSweetandsourmeatballs
harvestcraft:sweetandsourmeatballsitem - 0


foodSweetandsoursauce
harvestcraft:sweetandsoursauceitem - 0


foodSweetpickle
harvestcraft:sweetpickleitem - 0


foodSweetpotatopie
harvestcraft:sweetpotatopieitem - 0


foodSweetpotatosouffle
harvestcraft:sweetpotatosouffleitem - 0


foodSweettea
harvestcraft:sweetteaitem - 0


foodSzechuaneggplant
harvestcraft:szechuaneggplantitem - 0


foodTaco
harvestcraft:tacoitem - 0


foodTaffy
harvestcraft:taffyitem - 0


foodTaiyaki
harvestcraft:taiyakiitem - 0


foodTakoyaki
harvestcraft:takoyakiitem - 0


foodTatertots
harvestcraft:tatertotsitem - 0


foodTea
harvestcraft:teaitem - 0


foodTeriyakichicken
harvestcraft:teriyakichickenitem - 0


foodThankfuldinner
harvestcraft:thankfuldinneritem - 0


foodTheatrebox
harvestcraft:theatreboxitem - 0


foodThreebeansalad
harvestcraft:threebeansaladitem - 0


foodTilapiaraw
harvestcraft:tilapiarawitem - 0


foodTimpano
harvestcraft:timpanoitem - 0


foodTimtam
harvestcraft:timtamitem - 0


foodTiropita
harvestcraft:tiropitaitem - 0


foodToadinthehole
harvestcraft:toadintheholeitem - 0


foodToast
harvestcraft:toastitem - 0


foodToastedcoconut
harvestcraft:toastedcoconutitem - 0


foodToastedwestern
harvestcraft:toastedwesternitem - 0


foodToastsandwich
harvestcraft:toastsandwichitem - 0


foodTomatoherbchicken
harvestcraft:tomatoherbchickenitem - 0


foodTomatosoup
harvestcraft:tomatosoupitem - 0


foodTortilla
harvestcraft:tortillaitem - 0


foodTortillachips
harvestcraft:tortillachipsitem - 0


foodTrailmix
harvestcraft:trailmixitem - 0


foodTroutraw
harvestcraft:troutrawitem - 0


foodTunafishsandwich
harvestcraft:tunafishsandwichitem - 0


foodTunaonigiri
harvestcraft:tunaonigiriitem - 0


foodTunapotato
harvestcraft:tunapotatoitem - 0


foodTunaraw
harvestcraft:tunarawitem - 0


foodTunasalad
harvestcraft:tunasaladitem - 0


foodTurkeycooked
familiarfauna:turkey_leg_cooked - 0
harvestcraft:turkeycookeditem - 0


foodTurkeyraw
familiarfauna:turkey_leg_raw - 0
harvestcraft:turkeyrawitem - 0


foodTurkishdelight
harvestcraft:turkishdelightitem - 0


foodTurnipsoup
harvestcraft:turnipsoupitem - 0


foodTurtlecooked
harvestcraft:turtlecookeditem - 0


foodTurtleraw
harvestcraft:turtlerawitem - 0


foodVanilla
sakura:materials - 22
harvestcraft:vanillaitem - 0


foodVanillaconchasbread
harvestcraft:vanillaconchasbreaditem - 0


foodVanillacupcake
harvestcraft:vanillacupcakeitem - 0


foodVanillaicecream
harvestcraft:vanillaicecreamitem - 0


foodVanillayogurt
harvestcraft:vanillayogurtitem - 0


foodVegemite
harvestcraft:vegemiteitem - 0


foodVegemiteontoast
harvestcraft:vegemiteontoastitem - 0


foodVegetablesoup
harvestcraft:vegetablesoupitem - 0


foodVegetarianlettucewrap
harvestcraft:vegetarianlettucewrapitem - 0


foodVeggiestirfry
harvestcraft:veggiestirfryitem - 0


foodVeggiestrips
harvestcraft:veggiestripsitem - 0


foodVenisoncooked
familiarfauna:venison_cooked - 0
harvestcraft:venisoncookeditem - 0


foodVenisonraw
familiarfauna:venison_raw - 0
harvestcraft:venisonrawitem - 0


foodVindaloo
harvestcraft:vindalooitem - 0


foodVinegar
sakura:materials - 62
harvestcraft:vinegaritem - 0


foodWaffles
harvestcraft:wafflesitem - 0


foodWalleyraw
harvestcraft:walleyerawitem - 0


foodWalnutraisinbread
harvestcraft:walnutraisinbreaditem - 0


foodWatermelonjelly
harvestcraft:watermelonjellyitem - 0


foodWatermelonjellysandwich
harvestcraft:watermelonjellysandwichitem - 0


foodWeekendpicnic
harvestcraft:weekendpicnicitem - 0


foodWhitepepper
sakura:materials - 28


foodWontonsoup
harvestcraft:wontonsoupitem - 0


foodYeast
sakura:materials - 36


foodYogurt


foodYorkshirepudding
harvestcraft:yorkshirepuddingitem - 0


foodZeppole
harvestcraft:zeppoleitem - 0


foodZestyzucchini
harvestcraft:zestyzucchiniitem - 0


foodZombiejerky
harvestcraft:zombiejerkyitem - 0


foodZucchinibake
harvestcraft:zucchinibakeitem - 0


foodZucchinibread
harvestcraft:zucchinibreaditem - 0


foodZucchinifries
harvestcraft:zucchinifriesitem - 0


foodbbqchickenpizza


foodchorizo
harvestcraft:chorizoitem - 0


gaiaIngot
botania:manaresource - 14


gearDiamond
buildcraftcore:gear_diamond - 0


gearGold
buildcraftcore:gear_gold - 0


gearIron
buildcraftcore:gear_iron - 0


gearStone
buildcraftcore:gear_stone - 0


gearWood
buildcraftcore:gear_wood - 0


gemAmber
biomesoplenty:gem - 7


gemAmethyst
biomesoplenty:gem - 0
variedcommodities:gem_amethyst - 0


gemBiotite


gemBoronNitride


gemCharcoal
minecraft:coal - 1


gemCoal
minecraft:coal - 0


gemDiamond
minecraft:diamond - 0


gemEmerald
minecraft:emerald - 0


gemEnderBiotite
quark:biotite - 0


gemLapis
minecraft:dye - 4


gemMalachite
biomesoplenty:gem - 5


gemPeridot
biomesoplenty:gem - 2
techreborn:gem - 2


gemPrismarine
minecraft:prismarine_shard - 0


gemQuartz
minecraft:quartz - 0


gemRedGarnet
techreborn:gem - 3


gemRuby
biomesoplenty:gem - 1
variedcommodities:gem_ruby - 0
techreborn:gem - 0


gemSaphire
variedcommodities:gem_sapphire - 0


gemSapphire
biomesoplenty:gem - 6
techreborn:gem - 1


gemTanzanite
biomesoplenty:gem - 4


gemTopaz
biomesoplenty:gem - 3


gemYellowGarnet
techreborn:gem - 4


glassReinforced
techreborn:reinforced_glass - 0


glowstone
minecraft:glowstone - 0


grass
minecraft:grass - 0
biomesoplenty:grass - 0
theaurorian:auroriangrass - 0
theaurorian:auroriangrasslight - 0


gravel
minecraft:gravel - 0


gunpowder
minecraft:gunpowder - 0


hardenedClay
minecraft:hardened_clay - any


highIron
contenttweaker:hematite - 0
contenttweaker:magnetite - 0


hopper
minecraft:hopper - 0


ic2Extractor
techreborn:extractor - 0


ic2Generator
techreborn:solid_fuel_generator - 0


ic2Macerator
techreborn:grinder - 0


ic2Pump
techreborn:pump - 0


ic2SolarPanel
techreborn:solar_panel - 0


ic2Watermill
techreborn:water_mill - 0


ic2Windmill
techreborn:wind_mill - 0


ice
minecraft:ice - 0


industrialTnt
minecraft:tnt - 0


ingotAdvancedAlloy
techreborn:ingot - 20


ingotAluminum
techreborn:ingot - 0


ingotArdite


ingotAurorianSteel
theaurorian:auroriansteel - 0


ingotBlackIron
extendedcrafting:material - 0


ingotBoron


ingotBrass
techreborn:ingot - 1


ingotBrick
minecraft:brick - 0


ingotBrickNether
minecraft:netherbrick - 0


ingotBronze
variedcommodities:ingot_bronze - 0
techreborn:ingot - 2


ingotCerulean
theaurorian:ceruleaningot - 0


ingotChrome
techreborn:ingot - 3


ingotCobalt


ingotConstantan


ingotCopper
techreborn:ingot - 4


ingotCrystaltine
extendedcrafting:material - 24


ingotDemonic
variedcommodities:ingot_demonic - 0


ingotElectrum
techreborn:ingot - 5


ingotElvenElementium
botania:manaresource - 7


ingotEnderium


ingotGold
minecraft:gold_ingot - 0


ingotHardCarbon


ingotHotTungstensteel
techreborn:ingot - 16


ingotInvar
techreborn:ingot - 6


ingotIridium
techreborn:ingot - 7


ingotIridiumAlloy
techreborn:ingot - 22


ingotIron
minecraft:iron_ingot - 0


ingotLead
techreborn:ingot - 8


ingotLumium


ingotManasteel
botania:manaresource - 0


ingotManyullyn


ingotMithril
variedcommodities:ingot_mithril - 0


ingotMixedMetal
techreborn:ingot - 21


ingotMoonstone
theaurorian:moonstoneingot - 0


ingotNickel
techreborn:ingot - 9


ingotOsmium


ingotPlatinum
techreborn:ingot - 10


ingotPlutonium
techreborn:ingot - 25


ingotRefinedIron
techreborn:ingot - 19


ingotSignalum


ingotSilver
techreborn:ingot - 11


ingotSteel
sakura:materials - 56
variedcommodities:ingot_steel - 0
techreborn:ingot - 12


ingotTerrasteel
botania:manaresource - 4


ingotThorium
techreborn:ingot - 23


ingotTin
techreborn:ingot - 13


ingotTitanium
techreborn:ingot - 14


ingotTough


ingotTungsten
techreborn:ingot - 15


ingotTungstensteel
techreborn:ingot - 17


ingotUltimate
extendedcrafting:material - 32


ingotUranium
techreborn:ingot - 24


ingotZinc
techreborn:ingot - 18


insulatedGoldCableItem
techreborn:cable - 6


ironOre
contenttweaker:hematite - 0
contenttweaker:magnetite - 0
contenttweaker:siderite - 0
contenttweaker:pyrite - 0


itemRubber
techreborn:part - 32


itemSalt
harvestcraft:saltitem - 0


itemScrap
techreborn:part - 33


itemScrapBox
techreborn:scrapbox - 0


itemSilicon
refinedstorage:silicon - 0


lapotronCrystal
techreborn:lapotroncrystal - 0


leather
minecraft:leather - 0


leavesRubber
techreborn:rubber_leaves - any


lexicaBotania
botania:lexicon - 0


listAllbeefcooked
minecraft:cooked_beef - 0
harvestcraft:cookedtofeakitem - 0


listAllbeefraw
minecraft:beef - 0
harvestcraft:rawtofeakitem - 0
harvestcraft:groundbeefitem - 0


listAllberry
harvestcraft:cranberryitem - 0
harvestcraft:blackberryitem - 0
harvestcraft:blueberryitem - 0
harvestcraft:raspberryitem - 0
harvestcraft:strawberryitem - 0
harvestcraft:elderberryitem - 0
harvestcraft:huckleberryitem - 0
harvestcraft:mulberryitem - 0
harvestcraft:juniperberryitem - 0
harvestcraft:gooseberryitem - 0


listAllchickencooked
minecraft:cooked_chicken - 0
harvestcraft:cookedtofickenitem - 0


listAllchickenraw
minecraft:chicken - 0
harvestcraft:rawtofickenitem - 0
harvestcraft:groundchickenitem - 0


listAllcitrus
sakura:foodset - 114
harvestcraft:lemonitem - 0
harvestcraft:limeitem - 0
harvestcraft:orangeitem - 0
harvestcraft:grapefruititem - 0


listAllcookie
harvestcraft:peanutbuttercookiesitem - 0
harvestcraft:raisincookiesitem - 0
harvestcraft:creamcookieitem - 0
harvestcraft:chaoscookieitem - 0
harvestcraft:creepercookieitem - 0
harvestcraft:buttercookieitem - 0
harvestcraft:sugarcookieitem - 0
harvestcraft:fortunecookieitem - 0


listAllduckcooked
harvestcraft:cookedtofuduckitem - 0
harvestcraft:duckcookeditem - 0


listAllduckraw
harvestcraft:rawtofuduckitem - 0
harvestcraft:duckrawitem - 0
harvestcraft:groundduckitem - 0


listAllegg
minecraft:egg - 0
harvestcraft:rawtofeegitem - 0


listAllfiber
harvestcraft:flaxitem - 0
harvestcraft:juteitem - 0
harvestcraft:kenafitem - 0
harvestcraft:sisalitem - 0


listAllfishcooked
minecraft:cooked_fish - 0
minecraft:cooked_fish - 1
harvestcraft:cookedtofishitem - 0
minecraft:cooked_cod - 0
minecraft:cooked_salmon - 0
harvestcraft:calamaricookeditem - 0
mod_lavacow:zombiepiranha_item_cooked - 0
mod_lavacow:piranha_cooked - 0
mod_lavacow:cheirolepis_cooked - 0


listAllfishfresh
minecraft:fish - any
minecraft:cod - 0
minecraft:salmon - 0
minecraft:clownfish - 0
minecraft:pufferfish - 0
harvestcraft:calamarirawitem - 0
harvestcraft:anchovyrawitem - 0
harvestcraft:bassrawitem - 0
harvestcraft:carprawitem - 0
harvestcraft:catfishrawitem - 0
harvestcraft:charrrawitem - 0
harvestcraft:grouperrawitem - 0
harvestcraft:herringrawitem - 0
harvestcraft:mudfishrawitem - 0
harvestcraft:perchrawitem - 0
harvestcraft:snapperrawitem - 0
harvestcraft:tilapiarawitem - 0
harvestcraft:troutrawitem - 0
harvestcraft:tunarawitem - 0
harvestcraft:walleyerawitem - 0
harvestcraft:greenheartfishitem - 0
harvestcraft:sardinerawitem - 0


listAllfishraw
minecraft:fish - any
sakura:foodset - 141
harvestcraft:rawtofishitem - 0
minecraft:cod - 0
minecraft:salmon - 0
minecraft:clownfish - 0
minecraft:pufferfish - 0
harvestcraft:groundfishitem - 0
harvestcraft:calamarirawitem - 0
harvestcraft:anchovyrawitem - 0
harvestcraft:bassrawitem - 0
harvestcraft:carprawitem - 0
harvestcraft:catfishrawitem - 0
harvestcraft:charrrawitem - 0
harvestcraft:grouperrawitem - 0
harvestcraft:herringrawitem - 0
harvestcraft:mudfishrawitem - 0
harvestcraft:perchrawitem - 0
harvestcraft:snapperrawitem - 0
harvestcraft:tilapiarawitem - 0
harvestcraft:troutrawitem - 0
harvestcraft:tunarawitem - 0
harvestcraft:walleyerawitem - 0
harvestcraft:greenheartfishitem - 0
harvestcraft:sardinerawitem - 0
mod_lavacow:zombiepiranha_item - 0
mod_lavacow:piranha - 0
mod_lavacow:cheirolepis - 0


listAllfruit
biomesoplenty:peach - 0
biomesoplenty:persimmon - 0
biomesoplenty:pear - 0
minecraft:apple - 0
minecraft:chorus_fruit - 0
minecraft:melon - 0
sakura:foodset - 120
sakura:foodset - 0
sakura:foodset - 114
sakura:foodset - 166
harvestcraft:cranberryitem - 0
harvestcraft:pineappleitem - 0
harvestcraft:blackberryitem - 0
harvestcraft:blueberryitem - 0
harvestcraft:cactusfruititem - 0
harvestcraft:cantaloupeitem - 0
harvestcraft:grapeitem - 0
harvestcraft:kiwiitem - 0
harvestcraft:raspberryitem - 0
harvestcraft:strawberryitem - 0
harvestcraft:agaveitem - 0
harvestcraft:elderberryitem - 0
harvestcraft:greengrapeitem - 0
harvestcraft:huckleberryitem - 0
harvestcraft:mulberryitem - 0
harvestcraft:juniperberryitem - 0
harvestcraft:bananaitem - 0
harvestcraft:cherryitem - 0
harvestcraft:dragonfruititem - 0
harvestcraft:lemonitem - 0
harvestcraft:limeitem - 0
harvestcraft:mangoitem - 0
harvestcraft:orangeitem - 0
harvestcraft:papayaitem - 0
harvestcraft:peachitem - 0
harvestcraft:pearitem - 0
harvestcraft:plumitem - 0
harvestcraft:pomegranateitem - 0
harvestcraft:starfruititem - 0
harvestcraft:gooseberryitem - 0
harvestcraft:apricotitem - 0
harvestcraft:dateitem - 0
harvestcraft:figitem - 0
harvestcraft:grapefruititem - 0
harvestcraft:persimmonitem - 0
harvestcraft:pawpawitem - 0
harvestcraft:soursopitem - 0
harvestcraft:guavaitem - 0
harvestcraft:lycheeitem - 0
harvestcraft:passionfruititem - 0
harvestcraft:rambutanitem - 0


listAllgrain
minecraft:wheat - 0
sakura:materials - 1
sakura:buckwheat - 0
harvestcraft:barleyitem - 0
harvestcraft:oatsitem - 0
harvestcraft:ryeitem - 0
harvestcraft:amaranthitem - 0
harvestcraft:milletitem - 0
harvestcraft:quinoaitem - 0
harvestcraft:breadfruititem - 0


listAllgreenveggie
sakura:cabbage - 0
harvestcraft:asparagusitem - 0
harvestcraft:broccoliitem - 0
harvestcraft:celeryitem - 0
harvestcraft:lettuceitem - 0
harvestcraft:spiceleafitem - 0
harvestcraft:artichokeitem - 0
harvestcraft:brusselsproutitem - 0
harvestcraft:cabbageitem - 0
harvestcraft:cucumberitem - 0
harvestcraft:okraitem - 0
harvestcraft:peasitem - 0
harvestcraft:seaweeditem - 0
harvestcraft:zucchiniitem - 0
harvestcraft:spinachitem - 0
harvestcraft:kaleitem - 0


listAllheavycream
harvestcraft:silkentofuitem - 0
harvestcraft:heavycreamitem - 0


listAllherb
harvestcraft:garlicitem - 0


listAllicecream
harvestcraft:silkentofuitem - 0
harvestcraft:icecreamitem - 0


listAlljuice
harvestcraft:applejuiceitem - 0
harvestcraft:melonjuiceitem - 0
harvestcraft:carrotjuiceitem - 0
harvestcraft:strawberryjuiceitem - 0
harvestcraft:grapejuiceitem - 0
harvestcraft:blueberryjuiceitem - 0
harvestcraft:cherryjuiceitem - 0
harvestcraft:papayajuiceitem - 0
harvestcraft:starfruitjuiceitem - 0
harvestcraft:orangejuiceitem - 0
harvestcraft:peachjuiceitem - 0
harvestcraft:limejuiceitem - 0
harvestcraft:mangojuiceitem - 0
harvestcraft:pomegranatejuiceitem - 0
harvestcraft:blackberryjuiceitem - 0
harvestcraft:raspberryjuiceitem - 0
harvestcraft:kiwijuiceitem - 0
harvestcraft:cranberryjuiceitem - 0
harvestcraft:cactusfruitjuiceitem - 0
harvestcraft:plumjuiceitem - 0
harvestcraft:pearjuiceitem - 0
harvestcraft:apricotjuiceitem - 0
harvestcraft:figjuiceitem - 0
harvestcraft:grapefruitjuiceitem - 0
harvestcraft:persimmonjuiceitem - 0


listAllmeat


listAllmeatcooked
minecraft:cooked_beef - 0
minecraft:cooked_chicken - 0
minecraft:cooked_porkchop - 0
minecraft:cooked_mutton - 0
minecraft:cooked_rabbit - 0
familiarfauna:turkey_leg_cooked - 0
familiarfauna:venison_cooked - 0
harvestcraft:cookedgrubitem - 0
harvestcraft:cookedtofeakitem - 0
harvestcraft:cookedtofaconitem - 0
harvestcraft:cookedtofuttonitem - 0
harvestcraft:cookedtofickenitem - 0
harvestcraft:cookedtofabbititem - 0
harvestcraft:cookedtofurkeyitem - 0
harvestcraft:cookedtofenisonitem - 0
harvestcraft:cookedtofuduckitem - 0
harvestcraft:turkeycookeditem - 0
harvestcraft:venisoncookeditem - 0
harvestcraft:duckcookeditem - 0
mod_lavacow:ptera_wing_cooked - 0
mod_lavacow:moltenbeef - 0


listAllmeatraw
minecraft:beef - 0
minecraft:chicken - 0
minecraft:porkchop - 0
minecraft:mutton - 0
minecraft:rabbit - 0
familiarfauna:turkey_leg_raw - 0
familiarfauna:venison_raw - 0
harvestcraft:grubitem - 0
harvestcraft:rawtofeakitem - 0
harvestcraft:rawtofaconitem - 0
harvestcraft:rawtofuttonitem - 0
harvestcraft:rawtofickenitem - 0
harvestcraft:rawtofabbititem - 0
harvestcraft:rawtofurkeyitem - 0
harvestcraft:rawtofenisonitem - 0
harvestcraft:rawtofuduckitem - 0
harvestcraft:groundbeefitem - 0
harvestcraft:groundchickenitem - 0
harvestcraft:groundduckitem - 0
harvestcraft:groundfishitem - 0
harvestcraft:groundmuttonitem - 0
harvestcraft:groundporkitem - 0
harvestcraft:groundrabbititem - 0
harvestcraft:groundturkeyitem - 0
harvestcraft:groundvenisonitem - 0
harvestcraft:turkeyrawitem - 0
harvestcraft:venisonrawitem - 0
harvestcraft:duckrawitem - 0
mod_lavacow:ptera_wing - 0
mod_lavacow:plagued_porkchop - 0


listAllmilk
minecraft:milk_bucket - 0
harvestcraft:soymilkitem - 0
harvestcraft:freshmilkitem - 0


listAllmushroom
minecraft:red_mushroom - 0
minecraft:brown_mushroom - 0
sakura:foodset - 136
sakura:foodset - 137
harvestcraft:whitemushroomitem - 0
mod_lavacow:glowshroom - 0
mod_lavacow:bloodtooth_shroom - 0
mod_lavacow:cordy_shroom - 0
mod_lavacow:veil_shroom - 0


listAllmuttoncooked
minecraft:cooked_mutton - 0
harvestcraft:cookedtofuttonitem - 0


listAllmuttonraw
minecraft:mutton - 0
harvestcraft:rawtofuttonitem - 0
harvestcraft:groundmuttonitem - 0


listAllnut
harvestcraft:peanutitem - 0
harvestcraft:walnutitem - 0
harvestcraft:almonditem - 0
harvestcraft:cashewitem - 0
harvestcraft:chestnutitem - 0
harvestcraft:pecanitem - 0
harvestcraft:pistachioitem - 0


listAllnutbutter
harvestcraft:peanutbutteritem - 0
harvestcraft:almondbutteritem - 0
harvestcraft:cashewbutteritem - 0
harvestcraft:chestnutbutteritem - 0
harvestcraft:pistachiobutteritem - 0


listAllpepper
harvestcraft:bellpepperitem - 0
harvestcraft:chilipepperitem - 0


listAllporkcooked
minecraft:cooked_porkchop - 0
harvestcraft:cookedtofaconitem - 0
harvestcraft:bbqjackfruititem - 0


listAllporkraw
minecraft:porkchop - 0
harvestcraft:rawtofaconitem - 0
harvestcraft:groundporkitem - 0
harvestcraft:bbqjackfruititem - 0


listAllrabbitcooked
minecraft:cooked_rabbit - 0
harvestcraft:cookedtofabbititem - 0


listAllrabbitraw
minecraft:rabbit - 0
harvestcraft:rawtofabbititem - 0
harvestcraft:groundrabbititem - 0


listAllrootveggie
harvestcraft:parsnipitem - 0
harvestcraft:radishitem - 0
harvestcraft:rutabagaitem - 0
harvestcraft:sweetpotatoitem - 0
harvestcraft:turnipitem - 0


listAllseed
sakura:buckwheat - 0
sakura:radish_seeds - 0
sakura:cabbage_seeds - 0
sakura:eggplant_seeds - 0
sakura:tomato_seeds - 0
sakura:rice_seeds - 0
sakura:rapeseeds - 0
sakura:onion_seeds - 0
minecraft:wheat_seeds - 0
minecraft:beetroot_seeds - 0
minecraft:pumpkin_seeds - 0
minecraft:melon_seeds - 0
harvestcraft:spinachseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:kiwiseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:cabbageseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:cornseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:cucumberseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:onionseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:artichokeseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:cottonseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:cactusfruitseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:elderberryseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:spiceleafseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:arrowrootseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:kohlrabiseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:mustardseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:candleberryseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:beetseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:beanseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:eggplantseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:gigapickleseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:raspberryseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:blueberryseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:chilipepperseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:grapeseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:mulberryseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:lettuceseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:tomatilloseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:curryleafseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:quinoaseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:milletseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:rhubarbseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:gingerseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:asparagusseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:cantaloupeseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:wintersquashseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:rutabagaseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:brusselsproutseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:okraseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:sesameseedsseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:cauliflowerseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:radishseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:broccoliseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:zucchiniseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:tomatoseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:scallionseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:juteseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:sisalseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:waterchestnutseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:bambooshootseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:flaxseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:celeryseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:peasseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:cassavaseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:peanutseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:teaseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:taroseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:parsnipseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:soybeanseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:garlicseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:coffeeseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:oatsseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:jicamaseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:strawberryseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:seaweedseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:barleyseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:kenafseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:whitemushroomseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:riceseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:lentilseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:sweetpotatoseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:leekseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:agaveseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:amaranthseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:chickpeaseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:greengrapeseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:pineappleseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:blackberryseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:huckleberryseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:juniperberryseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:cranberryseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:bellpepperseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:turnipseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:kaleseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:ryeseeditem - 0


listAllsmoothie
harvestcraft:melonsmoothieitem - 0
harvestcraft:strawberrysmoothieitem - 0
harvestcraft:lemonsmoothieitem - 0
harvestcraft:blueberrysmoothieitem - 0
harvestcraft:cherrysmoothieitem - 0
harvestcraft:papayasmoothieitem - 0
harvestcraft:starfruitsmoothieitem - 0
harvestcraft:bananasmoothieitem - 0
harvestcraft:orangesmoothieitem - 0
harvestcraft:peachsmoothieitem - 0
harvestcraft:limesmoothieitem - 0
harvestcraft:mangosmoothieitem - 0
harvestcraft:pomegranatesmoothieitem - 0
harvestcraft:blackberrysmoothieitem - 0
harvestcraft:raspberrysmoothieitem - 0
harvestcraft:kiwismoothieitem - 0
harvestcraft:apricotsmoothieitem - 0
harvestcraft:figsmoothieitem - 0
harvestcraft:grapefruitsmoothieitem - 0
harvestcraft:persimmonsmoothieitem - 0
harvestcraft:gooseberrysmoothieitem - 0
harvestcraft:applesmoothieitem - 0
harvestcraft:coconutsmoothieitem - 0
harvestcraft:cranberrysmoothieitem - 0
harvestcraft:grapesmoothieitem - 0
harvestcraft:pearsmoothieitem - 0
harvestcraft:plumsmoothieitem - 0


listAllsoda
harvestcraft:cherrysodaitem - 0
harvestcraft:colasodaitem - 0
harvestcraft:gingersodaitem - 0
harvestcraft:grapesodaitem - 0
harvestcraft:lemonlimesodaitem - 0
harvestcraft:orangesodaitem - 0
harvestcraft:rootbeersodaitem - 0
harvestcraft:strawberrysodaitem - 0
harvestcraft:grapefruitsodaitem - 0


listAllsoup
sakura:foodset - 74
sakura:foodset - 76
sakura:foodset - 77
sakura:foodset - 161


listAllspice
harvestcraft:gingeritem - 0
harvestcraft:spiceleafitem - 0
harvestcraft:mustardseedsitem - 0
harvestcraft:currypowderitem - 0
harvestcraft:curryleafitem - 0
harvestcraft:garlicitem - 0
harvestcraft:kenafitem - 0
harvestcraft:juteitem - 0
harvestcraft:sisalitem - 0
harvestcraft:flaxitem - 0
harvestcraft:ediblerootitem - 0
harvestcraft:cinnamonitem - 0
harvestcraft:nutmegitem - 0
harvestcraft:vanillabeanitem - 0
harvestcraft:peppercornitem - 0


listAllsugar
minecraft:sugar - 0
sakura:materials - 49
harvestcraft:honeyitem - 0


listAlltofu
sakura:foodset - 81
harvestcraft:cookedtofeakitem - 0
harvestcraft:cookedtofaconitem - 0
harvestcraft:cookedtofuttonitem - 0
harvestcraft:cookedtofickenitem - 0
harvestcraft:cookedtofabbititem - 0
harvestcraft:cookedtofurkeyitem - 0
harvestcraft:cookedtofenisonitem - 0
harvestcraft:cookedtofuduckitem - 0


listAlltofuFried
sakura:foodset - 82


listAllturkeycooked
familiarfauna:turkey_leg_cooked - 0
harvestcraft:cookedtofurkeyitem - 0
harvestcraft:turkeycookeditem - 0


listAllturkeyraw
familiarfauna:turkey_leg_raw - 0
harvestcraft:rawtofurkeyitem - 0
harvestcraft:turkeyrawitem - 0
harvestcraft:groundturkeyitem - 0


listAllveggie
minecraft:carrot - 0
minecraft:potato - 0
minecraft:pumpkin - 0
minecraft:beetroot - 0
sakura:radish - 0
sakura:cabbage - 0
sakura:eggplant - 0
sakura:tomato - 0
sakura:onion - 0
sakura:taro - 0
sakura:materials - 63
harvestcraft:harvestpumpkinitem - 0
harvestcraft:asparagusitem - 0
harvestcraft:beanitem - 0
harvestcraft:beetitem - 0
harvestcraft:broccoliitem - 0
harvestcraft:caulifloweritem - 0
harvestcraft:celeryitem - 0
harvestcraft:leekitem - 0
harvestcraft:lettuceitem - 0
harvestcraft:onionitem - 0
harvestcraft:parsnipitem - 0
harvestcraft:radishitem - 0
harvestcraft:rutabagaitem - 0
harvestcraft:scallionitem - 0
harvestcraft:soybeanitem - 0
harvestcraft:sweetpotatoitem - 0
harvestcraft:turnipitem - 0
harvestcraft:whitemushroomitem - 0
harvestcraft:artichokeitem - 0
harvestcraft:bellpepperitem - 0
harvestcraft:brusselsproutitem - 0
harvestcraft:cabbageitem - 0
harvestcraft:cornitem - 0
harvestcraft:cucumberitem - 0
harvestcraft:eggplantitem - 0
harvestcraft:okraitem - 0
harvestcraft:peasitem - 0
harvestcraft:rhubarbitem - 0
harvestcraft:seaweeditem - 0
harvestcraft:tomatoitem - 0
harvestcraft:wintersquashitem - 0
harvestcraft:zucchiniitem - 0
harvestcraft:bambooshootitem - 0
harvestcraft:spinachitem - 0
harvestcraft:waterchestnutitem - 0
harvestcraft:arrowrootitem - 0
harvestcraft:cassavaitem - 0
harvestcraft:chickpeaitem - 0
harvestcraft:jicamaitem - 0
harvestcraft:kohlrabiitem - 0
harvestcraft:lentilitem - 0
harvestcraft:taroitem - 0
harvestcraft:tomatilloitem - 0
harvestcraft:jackfruititem - 0
harvestcraft:tamarinditem - 0


listAllvenisoncooked
familiarfauna:venison_cooked - 0
harvestcraft:cookedtofenisonitem - 0
harvestcraft:venisoncookeditem - 0


listAllvenisonraw
familiarfauna:venison_raw - 0
harvestcraft:rawtofenisonitem - 0
harvestcraft:venisonrawitem - 0
harvestcraft:groundvenisonitem - 0


listAllwater
minecraft:water_bucket - 0
harvestcraft:freshwateritem - 0


listAllwheat


listAllyogurt
harvestcraft:appleyogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:melonyogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:vanillayogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:strawberryyogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:starfruityogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:raspberryyogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:pumpkinyogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:pomegranateyogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:plumyogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:pineappleyogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:pearyogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:persimmonyogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:peachyogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:papayayogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:orangeyogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:mangoyogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:limeyogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:lemonyogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:kiwiyogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:grapeyogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:grapefruityogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:gooseberryyogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:figyogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:cranberryyogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:coconutyogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:chocolateyogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:cherryyogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:blueberryyogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:blackberryyogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:bananayogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:apricotyogurtitem - 0


livingRoot
botania:manaresource - 20


livingrock
botania:livingrock - 0


livingwood
botania:livingwood - 0


livingwoodTwig
botania:manaresource - 3


logRubber
techreborn:rubber_log - any
techreborn:rubber_log - 0


logSilentwood
theaurorian:silentwoodlog - 0


logWood
minecraft:log - any
minecraft:log2 - any
biomesoplenty:log_0 - 4
biomesoplenty:log_0 - 5
biomesoplenty:log_0 - 6
biomesoplenty:log_0 - 7
biomesoplenty:log_1 - 4
biomesoplenty:log_1 - 5
biomesoplenty:log_1 - 6
biomesoplenty:log_1 - 7
biomesoplenty:log_2 - 4
biomesoplenty:log_2 - 5
biomesoplenty:log_2 - 6
biomesoplenty:log_2 - 7
biomesoplenty:log_3 - 4
biomesoplenty:log_3 - 5
biomesoplenty:log_3 - 6
biomesoplenty:log_3 - 7
biomesoplenty:log_4 - 4
biomesoplenty:log_4 - 5
betternether:stalagnate_stem - 0
sakura:maple_log - 0
sakura:sakura_log - 0
sakura:maple_log_sap - 0
sakura:ume_log - 0
techreborn:rubber_log - any
harvestcraft:pammaple - 0
harvestcraft:pampaperbark - 0
harvestcraft:pamcinnamon - 0
techreborn:rubber_log - 0
theaurorian:weepingwillowlog - 0


lowIron
contenttweaker:siderite - 0
contenttweaker:pyrite - 0


lumber
sakura:materials - 24
sakura:materials - 25
sakura:materials - 26


machineBasic
techreborn:machine_frame - 0


machineBlockAdvanced
techreborn:machine_frame - 1


machineBlockBasic
techreborn:machine_frame - 0


machineBlockElite
techreborn:machine_frame - 2


machineBlockHighlyAdvanced
techreborn:machine_frame - 2


manaDiamond
botania:manaresource - 2


manaPearl
botania:manaresource - 1


manaString
botania:manaresource - 16


mason


materialCloth
harvestcraft:wovencottonitem - 0


materialPigskin


materialPressedwax
harvestcraft:beeswaxitem - 0


materialResin
techreborn:part - 31


materialRubber
techreborn:part - 32


materialScrap
techreborn:part - 33


materialScrapBox
techreborn:scrapbox - 0


materialStoneTool
minecraft:flint - 0
minecraft:stone - 0
minecraft:stone - 1
minecraft:stone - 3
minecraft:stone - 5
minecraft:cobblestone - 0
quark:limestone - 0
quark:marble - 0


mushroomAny
minecraft:red_mushroom - 0
minecraft:brown_mushroom - 0
quark:glowshroom - 0


mycelium
minecraft:mycelium - 0


mysticFlowerBlack
botania:flower - 15


mysticFlowerBlackDouble
botania:doubleflower2 - 7


mysticFlowerBlue
botania:flower - 11


mysticFlowerBlueDouble
botania:doubleflower2 - 3


mysticFlowerBrown
botania:flower - 12


mysticFlowerBrownDouble
botania:doubleflower2 - 4


mysticFlowerCyan
botania:flower - 9


mysticFlowerCyanDouble
botania:doubleflower2 - 1


mysticFlowerGray
botania:flower - 7


mysticFlowerGrayDouble
botania:doubleflower1 - 7


mysticFlowerGreen
botania:flower - 13


mysticFlowerGreenDouble
botania:doubleflower2 - 5


mysticFlowerLightBlue
botania:flower - 3


mysticFlowerLightBlueDouble
botania:doubleflower1 - 3


mysticFlowerLightGray
botania:flower - 8


mysticFlowerLightGrayDouble
botania:doubleflower2 - 0


mysticFlowerLime
botania:flower - 5


mysticFlowerLimeDouble
botania:doubleflower1 - 5


mysticFlowerMagenta
botania:flower - 2


mysticFlowerMagentaDouble
botania:doubleflower1 - 2


mysticFlowerOrange
botania:flower - 1


mysticFlowerOrangeDouble
botania:doubleflower1 - 1


mysticFlowerPink
botania:flower - 6


mysticFlowerPinkDouble
botania:doubleflower1 - 6


mysticFlowerPurple
botania:flower - 10


mysticFlowerPurpleDouble
botania:doubleflower2 - 2


mysticFlowerRed
botania:flower - 14


mysticFlowerRedDouble
botania:doubleflower2 - 6


mysticFlowerWhite
botania:flower - 0


mysticFlowerWhiteDouble
botania:doubleflower1 - 0


mysticFlowerYellow
botania:flower - 4


mysticFlowerYellowDouble
botania:doubleflower1 - 4


netherStar
minecraft:nether_star - 0


netherrack
minecraft:netherrack - 0


normalFuel
minecraft:coal - 0
minecraft:coal - 1


nuggetAluminum
techreborn:nuggets - 0


nuggetAurorianSteel
theaurorian:auroriansteelnugget - 0


nuggetBlackIron
extendedcrafting:material - 1


nuggetBrass
techreborn:nuggets - 1


nuggetBronze
techreborn:nuggets - 2


nuggetCerulean
theaurorian:ceruleannugget - 0


nuggetChrome
techreborn:nuggets - 3


nuggetCopper
techreborn:nuggets - 4
grimoireofgaia:shard - 4


nuggetCrystaltine
extendedcrafting:material - 25


nuggetDiamond
extendedcrafting:material - 128
techreborn:nuggets - 24
grimoireofgaia:shard - 2


nuggetElectrum
techreborn:nuggets - 5


nuggetElvenElementium
botania:manaresource - 19


nuggetEmerald
extendedcrafting:material - 129
grimoireofgaia:shard - 3


nuggetGold
minecraft:gold_nugget - 0
grimoireofgaia:shard - 1


nuggetHotTungstensteel
techreborn:nuggets - 16


nuggetInvar
techreborn:nuggets - 6


nuggetIridium
techreborn:nuggets - 7


nuggetIron
minecraft:iron_nugget - 0
techreborn:nuggets - 23
grimoireofgaia:shard - 0


nuggetLead
techreborn:nuggets - 8


nuggetManasteel
botania:manaresource - 17


nuggetMoonstone
theaurorian:moonstonenugget - 0


nuggetNetherStar
extendedcrafting:material - 140


nuggetNickel
techreborn:nuggets - 9


nuggetPlatinum
techreborn:nuggets - 10


nuggetRefinedIron
techreborn:nuggets - 19


nuggetSilver
techreborn:nuggets - 11
grimoireofgaia:shard - 5


nuggetSteel
techreborn:nuggets - 12


nuggetTerrasteel
botania:manaresource - 18


nuggetTin
techreborn:nuggets - 13


nuggetTitanium
techreborn:nuggets - 14


nuggetTungsten
techreborn:nuggets - 15


nuggetTungstensteel
techreborn:nuggets - 17


nuggetUltimate
extendedcrafting:material - 33


nuggetZinc
techreborn:nuggets - 18


obsidian
minecraft:obsidian - 0


oreAmber
biomesoplenty:gem_ore - 7


oreAmethyst
biomesoplenty:gem_ore - 0


oreAurorianCoal
theaurorian:auroriancoalore - 0


oreAurorianGeode
theaurorian:geodeore - 0


oreBauxite
techreborn:ore - 4


oreCerulean
theaurorian:ceruleanore - 0


oreCincinnasite
betternether:cincinnasite_ore - 0


oreCinnabar
techreborn:ore - 6


oreCoal
minecraft:coal_ore - 0


oreCopper
techreborn:ore2 - 0


oreDiamond
minecraft:diamond_ore - 0


oreEmerald
minecraft:emerald_ore - 0


oreEssence


oreGalena
techreborn:ore - 0


oreGold
minecraft:gold_ore - 0


oreIridium
techreborn:ore - 1


oreIron
minecraft:iron_ore - 0


oreLapis
minecraft:lapis_ore - 0


oreLead
techreborn:ore - 12


oreMalachite
biomesoplenty:gem_ore - 5


oreMoonstone
theaurorian:moonstoneore - 0


oreNickel


oreOlivine


orePeridot
biomesoplenty:gem_ore - 2
techreborn:ore - 10


orePlatinum


orePyrite
techreborn:ore - 5


oreQuartz
minecraft:quartz_ore - 0


oreRedstone
minecraft:redstone_ore - 0


oreRuby
biomesoplenty:gem_ore - 1
techreborn:ore - 2


oreSapphire
biomesoplenty:gem_ore - 6
techreborn:ore - 3


oreSheldonite
techreborn:ore - 9


oreSilver
techreborn:ore - 13


oreSodalite
techreborn:ore - 11


oreSphalerite
techreborn:ore - 7


oreSteel


oreTanzanite
biomesoplenty:gem_ore - 4


oreTin
techreborn:ore2 - 1


oreTopaz
biomesoplenty:gem_ore - 3


oreTungsten
techreborn:ore - 8


paneGlass
minecraft:glass_pane - 0
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - any
theaurorian:moonglasspane - 0
theaurorian:aurorianglasspane - 0


paneGlassBlack
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 15


paneGlassBlue
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 11


paneGlassBrown
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 12


paneGlassColorless
minecraft:glass_pane - 0


paneGlassCyan
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 9


paneGlassGray
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 7


paneGlassGreen
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 13


paneGlassLightBlue
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 3


paneGlassLightGray
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 8


paneGlassLime
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 5


paneGlassMagenta
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 2


paneGlassOrange
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 1


paneGlassPink
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 6


paneGlassPurple
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 10


paneGlassRed
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 14


paneGlassWhite
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 0


paneGlassYellow
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 4


paneQuartzGlass
betternether:quartz_glass_pane - 0


paper
minecraft:paper - 0
mod_lavacow:curseweave_cloth - 0


pebble
botania:manaresource - 21


pestleAndMortar
botania:pestleandmortar - 0


petalBlack
botania:mushroom - 15
botania:petal - 15


petalBlue
botania:mushroom - 11
botania:petal - 11


petalBrown
botania:mushroom - 12
botania:petal - 12


petalCyan
botania:mushroom - 9
botania:petal - 9


petalGray
botania:mushroom - 7
botania:petal - 7


petalGreen
botania:mushroom - 13
botania:petal - 13


petalLightBlue
botania:mushroom - 3
botania:petal - 3


petalLightGray
botania:mushroom - 8
botania:petal - 8


petalLime
botania:mushroom - 5
botania:petal - 5


petalMagenta
botania:mushroom - 2
botania:petal - 2


petalOrange
botania:mushroom - 1
botania:petal - 1


petalPink
botania:mushroom - 6
botania:petal - 6


petalPurple
botania:mushroom - 10
botania:petal - 10


petalRed
botania:mushroom - 14
botania:petal - 14


petalWhite
botania:mushroom - 0
botania:petal - 0


petalYellow
botania:mushroom - 4
botania:petal - 4


plankRubber
techreborn:rubber_planks - any


plankSilentwood
theaurorian:silentwoodplanks - 0


plankStained
quark:stained_planks - any
quark:vertical_stained_planks - any


plankWood
minecraft:planks - any
biomesoplenty:planks_0 - 0
biomesoplenty:planks_0 - 1
biomesoplenty:planks_0 - 2
biomesoplenty:planks_0 - 3
biomesoplenty:planks_0 - 4
biomesoplenty:planks_0 - 5
biomesoplenty:planks_0 - 6
biomesoplenty:planks_0 - 7
biomesoplenty:planks_0 - 8
biomesoplenty:planks_0 - 9
biomesoplenty:planks_0 - 10
biomesoplenty:planks_0 - 11
biomesoplenty:planks_0 - 12
biomesoplenty:planks_0 - 13
biomesoplenty:planks_0 - 14
biomesoplenty:planks_0 - 15
betternether:stalagnate_planks - 0
betternether:reeds_block - 0
sakura:plank_maple - 0
sakura:plank_sakura - 0
sakura:plank_bamboo - 0
techreborn:rubber_planks - any
quark:stained_planks - any
quark:vertical_planks - any
quark:vertical_stained_planks - any
theaurorian:weepingwillowplanks - 0


plantBarley
biomesoplenty:plant_1 - 11


plantBerrybush
biomesoplenty:plant_0 - 5


plantBush
biomesoplenty:plant_0 - 2


plantCattail
biomesoplenty:plant_1 - 4
biomesoplenty:double_plant - 1


plantCloverpatch
biomesoplenty:plant_0 - 10


plantDampgrass
biomesoplenty:plant_0 - 8


plantDeadgrass
biomesoplenty:plant_0 - 13


plantDeadleafpile
biomesoplenty:plant_0 - 12


plantDesertgrass
biomesoplenty:plant_0 - 14


plantDesertsprouts
biomesoplenty:plant_0 - 15


plantDevilweed
biomesoplenty:plant_1 - 7


plantDunegrass
biomesoplenty:plant_1 - 0


plantFlax
biomesoplenty:double_plant - 0


plantKoru
biomesoplenty:plant_0 - 9


plantLeafpile
biomesoplenty:plant_0 - 11


plantMediumgrass
biomesoplenty:plant_0 - 1


plantPoisonivy
biomesoplenty:plant_0 - 4


plantRafflesia
biomesoplenty:plant_1 - 10


plantReed
biomesoplenty:plant_1 - 8


plantRivercane
biomesoplenty:plant_1 - 5


plantRoot
biomesoplenty:plant_1 - 9


plantShortgrass
biomesoplenty:plant_0 - 0


plantShrub
biomesoplenty:plant_0 - 6


plantSpectralfern
biomesoplenty:plant_1 - 1


plantSprout
biomesoplenty:plant_0 - 3


plantThorn
biomesoplenty:plant_1 - 2


plantTinycactus
biomesoplenty:plant_1 - 6


plantWheatgrass
biomesoplenty:plant_0 - 7


plantWildrice
biomesoplenty:plant_1 - 3


plateAdvancedAlloy
techreborn:plates - 36


plateAluminum
techreborn:plates - 17


plateBrass
techreborn:plates - 18


plateBronze
techreborn:plates - 19


plateCarbon
techreborn:plates - 2


plateChrome
techreborn:plates - 20


plateCoal
techreborn:plates - 8


plateCopper
techreborn:plates - 21


plateDiamond
techreborn:plates - 5


plateElectrum
techreborn:plates - 22


plateEmerald
techreborn:plates - 6


plateGold
techreborn:plates - 1


plateInvar
techreborn:plates - 23


plateIridium
techreborn:plates - 24


plateIridiumAlloy
techreborn:plates - 38


plateIron
techreborn:plates - 0


plateLazurite
techreborn:plates - 10


plateLead
techreborn:plates - 25


plateMagnalium
techreborn:plates - 37


plateNickel
techreborn:plates - 26


plateObsidian
techreborn:plates - 9


platePeridot
techreborn:plates - 14


platePlatinum
techreborn:plates - 27


plateRedGarnet
techreborn:plates - 15


plateRedstone
techreborn:plates - 4


plateRefinedIron
techreborn:plates - 35


plateRuby
techreborn:plates - 12


plateSapphire
techreborn:plates - 13


plateSilicon
techreborn:plates - 11


plateSilver
techreborn:plates - 28


plateSteel
techreborn:plates - 29


plateTin
techreborn:plates - 30


plateTitanium
techreborn:plates - 31


plateTungsten
techreborn:plates - 32


plateTungstensteel
techreborn:plates - 33


plateWood
techreborn:plates - 3


plateYellowGarnet
techreborn:plates - 16


plateZinc
techreborn:plates - 34


plateadvancedAlloy
techreborn:plates - 36


platealuminum
techreborn:plates - 17


platebrass
techreborn:plates - 18


platebronze
techreborn:plates - 19


platechrome
techreborn:plates - 20


platecopper
techreborn:plates - 21


plateelectrum
techreborn:plates - 22


plateinvar
techreborn:plates - 23


plateiridium
techreborn:plates - 24


plateiridiumAlloy
techreborn:plates - 38


platelead
techreborn:plates - 25


platemagnalium
techreborn:plates - 37


platenickel
techreborn:plates - 26


plateperidot
techreborn:plates - 14


plateplatinum
techreborn:plates - 27


plateredGarnet
techreborn:plates - 15


platerefinedIron
techreborn:plates - 35


plateruby
techreborn:plates - 12


platesapphire
techreborn:plates - 13


platesilver
techreborn:plates - 28


platesteel
techreborn:plates - 29


platetin
techreborn:plates - 30


platetitanium
techreborn:plates - 31


platetungsten
techreborn:plates - 32


platetungstensteel
techreborn:plates - 33


plateyellowGarnet
techreborn:plates - 16


platezinc
techreborn:plates - 34


podzol
minecraft:dirt - 2


poisonousFood
minecraft:spider_eye - 0
minecraft:poisonous_potato - 0
minecraft:rotten_flesh - 0
minecraft:fish - 3


powderBlaze
minecraft:blaze_powder - 0


powderMana
botania:manaresource - 23


pressurePlateWood
minecraft:wooden_pressure_plate - 0
quark:spruce_pressure_plate - 0
quark:birch_pressure_plate - 0
quark:jungle_pressure_plate - 0
quark:acacia_pressure_plate - 0
quark:dark_oak_pressure_plate - 0


pulpWood
techreborn:dust - 46


quartzBlaze
botania:quartz - 2


quartzDark
botania:quartz - 0


quartzElven
botania:quartz - 5


quartzLavender
botania:quartz - 3


quartzMana
botania:quartz - 1


quartzRed
botania:quartz - 4


quartzSunny
botania:quartz - 6


rail
minecraft:rail - 0
minecraft:activator_rail - 0
minecraft:detector_rail - 0
minecraft:golden_rail - 0


rawTurkey
familiarfauna:turkey_leg_raw - 0


rawVenison
familiarfauna:venison_raw - 0


reBattery
techreborn:rebattery - 0


record
minecraft:record_13 - 0
minecraft:record_cat - 0
minecraft:record_blocks - 0
minecraft:record_chirp - 0
minecraft:record_far - 0
minecraft:record_mall - 0
minecraft:record_mellohi - 0
minecraft:record_stal - 0
minecraft:record_strad - 0
minecraft:record_ward - 0
minecraft:record_11 - 0
minecraft:record_wait - 0
biomesoplenty:record_wanderer - 0


redstoneRoot
botania:manaresource - 6


reflectorBasic
techreborn:part - 26


reflectorThick
techreborn:part - 28


rodBlaze
minecraft:blaze_rod - 0


runeAirB
botania:rune - 3


runeAutumnB
botania:rune - 6


runeEarthB
botania:rune - 2


runeEnvyB
botania:rune - 14


runeFireB
botania:rune - 1


runeGluttonyB
botania:rune - 10


runeGreedB
botania:rune - 11


runeLustB
botania:rune - 9


runeManaB
botania:rune - 8


runePrideB
botania:rune - 15


runeSlothB
botania:rune - 12


runeSpringB
botania:rune - 4


runeSummerB
botania:rune - 5


runeWaterB
botania:rune - 0


runeWinterB
botania:rune - 7


runeWrathB
botania:rune - 13


sakuraLeaves
sakura:sakuraleaves - 0


salmonRaw
minecraft:fish - 0
minecraft:salmon - 0


sand
minecraft:sand - any
biomesoplenty:white_sand - 0


sandstone
minecraft:sandstone - any
minecraft:red_sandstone - any
biomesoplenty:white_sandstone - 0


saplingRubber
techreborn:rubber_sapling - 0


seed
minecraft:wheat_seeds - 0
minecraft:pumpkin_seeds - 0
minecraft:melon_seeds - 0
minecraft:beetroot_seeds - 0


seedAgave
harvestcraft:agaveseeditem - 0


seedAmaranth
harvestcraft:amaranthseeditem - 0


seedArrowroot
harvestcraft:arrowrootseeditem - 0


seedArtichoke
harvestcraft:artichokeseeditem - 0


seedAsparagus
harvestcraft:asparagusseeditem - 0


seedBambooshoot
harvestcraft:bambooshootseeditem - 0


seedBarley
harvestcraft:barleyseeditem - 0


seedBean
harvestcraft:beanseeditem - 0


seedBeet
minecraft:beetroot_seeds - 0
harvestcraft:beetseeditem - 0


seedBeetroot
minecraft:beetroot_seeds - 0


seedBellpepper
harvestcraft:bellpepperseeditem - 0


seedBlackberry
harvestcraft:blackberryseeditem - 0


seedBlueberry
harvestcraft:blueberryseeditem - 0


seedBroccoli
harvestcraft:broccoliseeditem - 0


seedBrusselsprout
harvestcraft:brusselsproutseeditem - 0


seedBuckwheat
sakura:buckwheat - 0


seedCabbage
sakura:cabbage_seeds - 0
harvestcraft:cabbageseeditem - 0


seedCactusfruit
harvestcraft:cactusfruitseeditem - 0


seedCandleberry
harvestcraft:candleberryseeditem - 0


seedCantaloupe
harvestcraft:cantaloupeseeditem - 0


seedCassava
harvestcraft:cassavaseeditem - 0


seedCauliflower
harvestcraft:cauliflowerseeditem - 0


seedCelery
harvestcraft:celeryseeditem - 0


seedChickpea
harvestcraft:chickpeaseeditem - 0


seedChilipepper
harvestcraft:chilipepperseeditem - 0


seedCoffee
harvestcraft:coffeeseeditem - 0


seedCorn
harvestcraft:cornseeditem - 0


seedCotton
harvestcraft:cottonseeditem - 0


seedCranberry
harvestcraft:cranberryseeditem - 0


seedCucumber
harvestcraft:cucumberseeditem - 0


seedCurryleaf
harvestcraft:curryleafseeditem - 0


seedEggplant
sakura:eggplant_seeds - 0
harvestcraft:eggplantseeditem - 0


seedElderberry
harvestcraft:elderberryseeditem - 0


seedFlax
harvestcraft:flaxseeditem - 0


seedGarlic
harvestcraft:garlicseeditem - 0


seedGigapickle
harvestcraft:gigapickleseeditem - 0


seedGinger
harvestcraft:gingerseeditem - 0


seedGrape
harvestcraft:grapeseeditem - 0


seedGreengrape
harvestcraft:greengrapeseeditem - 0


seedHuckleberry
harvestcraft:huckleberryseeditem - 0


seedJicama
harvestcraft:jicamaseeditem - 0


seedJuniperberry
harvestcraft:juniperberryseeditem - 0


seedJute
harvestcraft:juteseeditem - 0


seedKale
harvestcraft:kaleseeditem - 0


seedKenaf
harvestcraft:kenafseeditem - 0


seedKiwi
harvestcraft:kiwiseeditem - 0


seedKohlrabi
harvestcraft:kohlrabiseeditem - 0


seedLeek
harvestcraft:leekseeditem - 0


seedLentil
harvestcraft:lentilseeditem - 0


seedLettuce
harvestcraft:lettuceseeditem - 0


seedMelon
minecraft:melon_seeds - 0


seedMillet
harvestcraft:milletseeditem - 0


seedMulberry
harvestcraft:mulberryseeditem - 0


seedMustard
harvestcraft:mustardseeditem - 0


seedOats
harvestcraft:oatsseeditem - 0


seedOkra
harvestcraft:okraseeditem - 0


seedOnion
sakura:onion_seeds - 0
harvestcraft:onionseeditem - 0


seedParsnip
harvestcraft:parsnipseeditem - 0


seedPeanut
harvestcraft:peanutseeditem - 0


seedPeas
harvestcraft:peasseeditem - 0


seedPineapple
harvestcraft:pineappleseeditem - 0


seedPumpkin
minecraft:pumpkin_seeds - 0


seedQuinoa
harvestcraft:quinoaseeditem - 0


seedRadish
sakura:radish_seeds - 0
harvestcraft:radishseeditem - 0


seedRaspberry
harvestcraft:raspberryseeditem - 0


seedRhubarb
harvestcraft:rhubarbseeditem - 0


seedRice
sakura:rice_seeds - 0
harvestcraft:riceseeditem - 0


seedRutabaga
harvestcraft:rutabagaseeditem - 0


seedRye
harvestcraft:ryeseeditem - 0


seedScallion
harvestcraft:scallionseeditem - 0


seedSeaweed
harvestcraft:seaweedseeditem - 0


seedSesameseed
harvestcraft:sesameseedsseeditem - 0


seedSisal
harvestcraft:sisalseeditem - 0


seedSoybean
harvestcraft:soybeanseeditem - 0


seedSpiceleaf
harvestcraft:spiceleafseeditem - 0


seedSpinach
harvestcraft:spinachseeditem - 0


seedStrawberry
harvestcraft:strawberryseeditem - 0


seedSweetpotato
harvestcraft:sweetpotatoseeditem - 0


seedTaro
harvestcraft:taroseeditem - 0


seedTea
harvestcraft:teaseeditem - 0


seedTomatillo
harvestcraft:tomatilloseeditem - 0


seedTomato
sakura:tomato_seeds - 0
harvestcraft:tomatoseeditem - 0


seedTurnip
harvestcraft:turnipseeditem - 0


seedWaterchestnut
harvestcraft:waterchestnutseeditem - 0


seedWheat
minecraft:wheat_seeds - 0


seedWhitemushroom
harvestcraft:whitemushroomseeditem - 0


seedWintersquash
harvestcraft:wintersquashseeditem - 0


seedZucchini
harvestcraft:zucchiniseeditem - 0


shardGlass
quark:glass_shards - 0


shulkerBox
minecraft:white_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:orange_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:magenta_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:light_blue_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:yellow_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:lime_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:pink_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:gray_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:silver_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:cyan_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:purple_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:blue_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:brown_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:green_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:red_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:black_shulker_box - 0


shulkerShell
minecraft:shulker_shell - 0


slabCobblestone
minecraft:stone_slab - 3


slabQuartzBlaze
botania:quartzslabblazehalf - 0


slabQuartzDark
botania:quartzslabdarkhalf - 0


slabQuartzElven
botania:quartzslabelfhalf - 0


slabQuartzLavender
botania:quartzslablavenderhalf - 0


slabQuartzMana
botania:quartzslabmanahalf - 0


slabQuartzRed
botania:quartzslabredhalf - 0


slabQuartzSunny
botania:quartzslabsunnyhalf - 0


slabWood
minecraft:wooden_slab - any
biomesoplenty:wood_slab_0 - 0
biomesoplenty:wood_slab_0 - 1
biomesoplenty:wood_slab_0 - 2
biomesoplenty:wood_slab_0 - 3
biomesoplenty:wood_slab_0 - 4
biomesoplenty:wood_slab_0 - 5
biomesoplenty:wood_slab_0 - 6
biomesoplenty:wood_slab_0 - 7
biomesoplenty:wood_slab_1 - 0
biomesoplenty:wood_slab_1 - 1
biomesoplenty:wood_slab_1 - 2
biomesoplenty:wood_slab_1 - 3
biomesoplenty:wood_slab_1 - 4
biomesoplenty:wood_slab_1 - 5
biomesoplenty:wood_slab_1 - 6
biomesoplenty:wood_slab_1 - 7
betternether:stalagnate_planks_slab_half - 0
betternether:reeds_slab_half - 0
sakura:slab_plank_maple - 0
sakura:slab_plank_sakura - 0
sakura:slab_plank_bamboo - 0
techreborn:rubber_plank_double_slab - any


slimeball
minecraft:slime_ball - 0
quark:slime_bucket - 0
mod_lavacow:silky_sludge - 0
theaurorian:aurorianslimeball - 0


snowLayer
minecraft:snow_layer - 0


soulSand
minecraft:soul_sand - 0


stairQuartzBlaze
botania:quartzstairsblaze - 0


stairQuartzDark
botania:quartzstairsdark - 0


stairQuartzElven
botania:quartzstairself - 0


stairQuartzLavender
botania:quartzstairslavender - 0


stairQuartzMana
botania:quartzstairsmana - 0


stairQuartzRed
botania:quartzstairsred - 0


stairQuartzSunny
botania:quartzstairssunny - 0


stairWood
minecraft:oak_stairs - 0
minecraft:spruce_stairs - 0
minecraft:birch_stairs - 0
minecraft:jungle_stairs - 0
minecraft:acacia_stairs - 0
minecraft:dark_oak_stairs - 0
biomesoplenty:sacred_oak_stairs - 0
biomesoplenty:cherry_stairs - 0
biomesoplenty:umbran_stairs - 0
biomesoplenty:fir_stairs - 0
biomesoplenty:ethereal_stairs - 0
biomesoplenty:magic_stairs - 0
biomesoplenty:mangrove_stairs - 0
biomesoplenty:palm_stairs - 0
biomesoplenty:redwood_stairs - 0
biomesoplenty:willow_stairs - 0
biomesoplenty:pine_stairs - 0
biomesoplenty:hellbark_stairs - 0
biomesoplenty:jacaranda_stairs - 0
biomesoplenty:mahogany_stairs - 0
biomesoplenty:ebony_stairs - 0
biomesoplenty:eucalyptus_stairs - 0
sakura:stairs_plank_maple - 0
sakura:stairs_plank_sakura - 0
sakura:stairs_plank_bamboo - 0
techreborn:rubber_plank_stair - any
theaurorian:silentwoodstairs - 0
theaurorian:weepingwillowplanksstairs - 0


stickSilentwood
theaurorian:silentwoodstick - 0


stickWood
minecraft:stick - 0
biomesoplenty:bamboo - 0
biomesoplenty:plant_1 - 5
mod_lavacow:mossy_stick - 0


stone
minecraft:stone - 0


stoneAndesite
minecraft:stone - 5


stoneAndesitePolished
minecraft:stone - 6


stoneAurorian
theaurorian:aurorianstone - 0


stoneBasalt
quark:basalt - 0


stoneBasaltPolished
quark:basalt - 1


stoneBrimstone
quark:biome_cobblestone - 0


stoneBrimstonePolished
quark:biome_brick - 0


stoneDiorite
minecraft:stone - 3


stoneDioritePolished
minecraft:stone - 4


stoneGranite
minecraft:stone - 1


stoneGranitePolished
minecraft:stone - 2


stoneJasper
quark:jasper - 0


stoneJasperPolished
quark:jasper - 1


stoneLimestone
quark:limestone - 0


stoneLimestonePolished
quark:limestone - 1


stoneMarble
quark:marble - 0


stoneMarblePolished
quark:marble - 1


stonePermafrost
quark:biome_cobblestone - 1


stonePermafrostPolished
quark:biome_cobblestone - 1


stonePolished
quark:polished_stone - 0


stoneShard
contenttweaker:stone_shard - 0
contenttweaker:diorite_stone_shard - 0
contenttweaker:andesite_stone_shard - 0
contenttweaker:granite_stone_shard - 0


stoneSlate
quark:slate - 0


stoneSlatePolished
quark:slate - 1


string
minecraft:string - 0
theaurorian:plantfiber - 0


sugarcane
minecraft:reeds - 0
betternether:nether_reed - 0


tailor


tallow
quark:tallow - 0


toolBakeware
harvestcraft:bakewareitem - 0


toolCuttingboard
harvestcraft:cuttingboarditem - 0


toolForginghammer
sakura:stone_hammer - any
sakura:iron_hammer - any
sakura:sakura_hammer - any


toolJuicer
harvestcraft:juiceritem - 0


toolKnifefish
sakura:knife_fish - any
sakura:sakura_knife_fish - any


toolMixingbowl
harvestcraft:mixingbowlitem - 0


toolMortarandpestle
harvestcraft:mortarandpestleitem - 0


toolPot
harvestcraft:potitem - 0


toolSaucepan
harvestcraft:saucepanitem - 0


toolSkillet
harvestcraft:skilletitem - 0
mod_lavacow:moltenpan - 0


torch
minecraft:torch - 0
theaurorian:silentwoodtorch - 0


trapdoorWood
minecraft:trapdoor - 0
quark:spruce_trapdoor - 0
quark:birch_trapdoor - 0
quark:jungle_trapdoor - 0
quark:acacia_trapdoor - 0
quark:dark_oak_trapdoor - 0


treeLeaves
minecraft:leaves - any
minecraft:leaves2 - any
biomesoplenty:leaves_0 - 8
biomesoplenty:leaves_0 - 9
biomesoplenty:leaves_0 - 10
biomesoplenty:leaves_0 - 11
biomesoplenty:leaves_1 - 8
biomesoplenty:leaves_1 - 9
biomesoplenty:leaves_1 - 10
biomesoplenty:leaves_1 - 11
biomesoplenty:leaves_2 - 8
biomesoplenty:leaves_2 - 9
biomesoplenty:leaves_2 - 10
biomesoplenty:leaves_2 - 11
biomesoplenty:leaves_3 - 8
biomesoplenty:leaves_3 - 9
biomesoplenty:leaves_3 - 10
biomesoplenty:leaves_3 - 11
biomesoplenty:leaves_4 - 8
biomesoplenty:leaves_4 - 9
biomesoplenty:leaves_4 - 10
biomesoplenty:leaves_4 - 11
biomesoplenty:leaves_5 - 8
biomesoplenty:leaves_5 - 9
biomesoplenty:leaves_5 - 10
biomesoplenty:leaves_5 - 11
biomesoplenty:leaves_6 - 8
biomesoplenty:leaves_6 - 9
sakura:maple_leaves_green - 0
sakura:maple_leaves_orange - 0
sakura:maple_leaves_red - 0
sakura:maple_leaves_yellow - 0
sakura:sakuraleaves - 0
sakura:umeleaves - 0
techreborn:rubber_leaves - any
quark:variant_leaves - any
theaurorian:silentwoodleaves - 0
theaurorian:weepingwillowleaves - 0


treeSapling
minecraft:sapling - any
biomesoplenty:sapling_0 - 0
biomesoplenty:sapling_0 - 1
biomesoplenty:sapling_0 - 2
biomesoplenty:sapling_0 - 3
biomesoplenty:sapling_0 - 4
biomesoplenty:sapling_0 - 5
biomesoplenty:sapling_0 - 6
biomesoplenty:sapling_0 - 7
biomesoplenty:sapling_1 - 0
biomesoplenty:sapling_1 - 1
biomesoplenty:sapling_1 - 2
biomesoplenty:sapling_1 - 3
biomesoplenty:sapling_1 - 4
biomesoplenty:sapling_1 - 5
biomesoplenty:sapling_1 - 6
biomesoplenty:sapling_1 - 7
biomesoplenty:sapling_2 - 0
biomesoplenty:sapling_2 - 1
biomesoplenty:sapling_2 - 2
biomesoplenty:sapling_2 - 3
biomesoplenty:sapling_2 - 4
biomesoplenty:sapling_2 - 5
biomesoplenty:sapling_2 - 6
biomesoplenty:sapling_2 - 7
techreborn:rubber_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:almond_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:apple_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:apricot_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:banana_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:cashew_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:cherry_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:chestnut_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:cinnamon_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:coconut_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:date_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:dragonfruit_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:durian_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:fig_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:gooseberry_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:grapefruit_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:lemon_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:lime_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:mango_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:maple_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:nutmeg_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:olive_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:orange_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:papaya_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:paperbark_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:peach_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:pear_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:pecan_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:peppercorn_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:persimmon_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:pistachio_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:plum_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:pomegranate_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:starfruit_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:vanillabean_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:hazelnut_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:pawpaw_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:soursop_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:breadfruit_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:guava_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:jackfruit_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:lychee_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:passionfruit_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:rambutan_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:tamarind_sapling - 0
quark:variant_sapling - any
theaurorian:silentwoodsapling - 0
theaurorian:weepingwillowsapling - 0


vine
minecraft:vine - 0


wool
minecraft:wool - any


woolBlack
minecraft:wool - 15


woolBlue
minecraft:wool - 11


woolBrown
minecraft:wool - 12


woolCyan
minecraft:wool - 9


woolGray
minecraft:wool - 7


woolGreen
minecraft:wool - 13


woolLightBlue
minecraft:wool - 3


woolLightGray
minecraft:wool - 8


woolLime
minecraft:wool - 5


woolMagenta
minecraft:wool - 2


woolOrange
minecraft:wool - 1


woolPink
minecraft:wool - 6


woolPurple
minecraft:wool - 10


woolRed
minecraft:wool - 14


woolWhite
minecraft:wool - 0


woolYellow
minecraft:wool - 4


workbench
minecraft:crafting_table - 0
theaurorian:silentwoodcraftingtable - 0


